patrol:tour
unintelligibly:inaudibly
senselessness:pointlessness
care:concern
monotony:uniformity
gridlock:jam
fractional:incomplete
furrowed:crumpled
cudgel:bat
Ill's:harms
crumb:iota
deliberately:cautiously
naturalist:natural scientist
dissident:nonconforming
solid:substantial
body:deceased
overheated:inflamed
audit:inspection
horrible:terrible
hair:locks
careful:cautious
deliciously:appealingly
gumption:sense
mauling:beating
hissing:taunts
nosiness:snooping
customer's:clients
taste:go through
acrid:sharp
file:case
transcribe:transliterate
hollowly:emptily
take:eliminate
punctiliously:thoroughly
first:basic
whiz:dash
exclusiveness:elitism
tyranny:autocracy
falter:become fainter
coded:not explicit
portly:heavy
predictability:unavoidability
cringe:get embarrassed
dismember:tear limb from limb
ahead:to the lead
repercussion:result
composure:mixture
everything:all
preying:rapacious
detest:hate
own:confess
denims:wash pants
cross:go across
festivity:happiness
beguile:appeal to
pile's:loads
goodwill:helpfulness
prefer:rather
cane:bamboo
thoroughly:in detail
giddily:merrily
punctual:on the dot
addendum:appendix
vegetation:plants
trickle:dribble
collapse:fold
quickening:stepping up
inconstancy:fickleness
unmatched:unparalleled
psychosis:neurosis
scandalous:reprehensible
catnap:catch a few 'z' s
hyperbole:exaggeration
sanitized:sanitary
illumine:light up
convinced:swayed
plant:transplant
uncertainties:worries
vent:gap
maneuver:exercise
on:arranged
coherence:logic
wildness:fierceness
democratic:classless
stride:march
link:association
bumpy:rough
tirelessly:unstintingly
revitalization:renaissance
incredulously:in disbelief
prairie:grassland
improved:superior
gaping:wide open
debate:argument
improbably:questionably
garishness:brightness
soulful:affecting
assured:poised
systemic:complete
broken:without hope
capacity:volume
rampart's:walls
quadrilateral:diamond
fundamental:essential
garishly:brashly
indistinct:faint
lagging:sheath
incumbent:in office
purport:claim
augment:add to
hump:bump
made:prepared
testiness:bad-temperedness
babble:talk nonsense
go:chance
performance:feat
filth:soil
chronicle:relate
couple:pair
eventually:in due course
bite:mouthful
stoutness:solidity
obliviously:carelessly
decrepit:falling apart
whatever:doesn't matter what
fluky:providential
amplify:enlarge
famous:renowned
sangfroid:dignity
mismatch:disparity
ghastliness:repulsiveness
Peel:peelings
RIP:dart
see:go with
requisition:occupation
discreet:circumspect
tight:strong
soothing:gentle
rareness:exclusivity
stubborn:intractable
abutting:adjacent to
ballpoint:felt tip
showdown:fight
injurious:damaging
designation:nickname
benefaction:investment
deal:share out
source:informant
qualified:authorized
lounge:recline
idea:image
bridle:keep in check
consul:ambassador
drizzle:drop
goofy:silly
qualified:trained
serviceable:strong
context:perspective
lucid:eloquent
buttress:prop up
earlier:former
custody:arrest
pen:dash off
impromptu:unarranged
brutish:loutish
malinger:be A.W.O.L.
coloring:skin tone
shamefulness:shame
excellently:admirably
dismissive:trivializing
undertone:undercurrent
straight:even
undignified:improper
grownup:mature
spice:zest
name:public figure
stiletto:blade
inexcusable:rude
huffy:sulky
frigid:unfriendly
air:song
maritime:sea
hallowed:holy
investments:reserves
explanation:vindication
guide:point
desolation:wretchedness
correct:accurate
disagree:vary
unequaled:unsurpassed
febrile:feverish
connect:join
welcome:pleasant
swearword:blasphemy
acclimate:become accustomed
fit:provide with
Chuck:discard
rebellion:upheaval
recondition:service
chagrined:peeved
morose:down
oceans:lot
speedy:rapid
beaker:paper cup
component's:works
elucidate:make clear
glamorous:attractive
hobble:limp
shift:reallocate
dry:laconic
commandant:senior officer
cheeky:disrespectful
individual:personal
tactful:sensitive
bill:fees
ballast:counterweight
nasty:worrying
store:storehouse
parsimonious:sparing
religious:pious
house:igloo
buzzer:timer
nonhazardous:harmless
cursor:arrow
salver:platter
flaming:heated
expense:expenditure
wrong:amiss
harmonize:make uniform
corruptly:decadently
pamphlet:leaflet
Punch:knock
addendum:add-on
raunchy:bawdy
grimy:dirty
hoist:erect
relaxation:slackening
external:outer
pummel:batter
convene:summon
pound:grind
roundness:roundedness
trouble:vex
finished:dead
wash:film
altogether:in sum
photocopying:repetition
tacky:messy
impossible:not possible
pamphlet:booklet
toddler:child
tarnish:stain
patois:foreign language
flair:finesse
oversensitive:prickly
idiomatic:natural
chagrin:vexation
remodel:adjust
candidate:contender
war:hostilities
twitch:jerk
observably:noticeably
unobjectionable:pleasant
annotation's:interpretation
dutifully:respectfully
laze:relax
family:relatives
latent:embryonic
test:try out
haziness:cloudiness
claim:say
bloated:stuffed
discomposure:embarrassment
gluttony:greed
riposte:parry
inadequate:scarce
item's:stuff
dated:pass?
granular:grainy
tonic:shot in the arm
Guy:gentleman
idea:scheme
antenna:tentacle
yank:haul
tacky:low
relatively:quite
attenuation:decrease
pillar:mast
technicalities:procedure
headrest:cushion
efface:smooth away
waft:blow
playact:adopt
heartless:unkind
phrase:expression
indecency:crudeness
bothered:hot and bothered
accuracy:exactness
scheme:design
puncture:undermine
tenuous:tenancy
spitefully:horribly
neighborhood:zone
profundity:insightfulness
knickknack's:jumble
procreation:proliferation
unqualified:untaught
underskirt:slip
buy:good buy
measure's:actions
covert:wood
chauvinist:sexist
auspicious:positive
intoxicating:exhilarating
connect:unite
inheritor:successor
tumult:furor
Land:terra firma
Hardy:lasting
infirm:in poor health
deserter:fugitive
vacuous:inane
act:play a part
contrary:difficult
rumpus:commotion
porch:veranda
curbing:restriction
jingoistic:chauvinistic
person:qualities
breakneck:hurried
romantically:adoringly
tamed:disciplined
importance:weight
Long:extensive
contender:runner
particularity:individuality
recreation:restoration
adopt:take up
perched:on the brink
circumstances:status
garnish:embellishment
frosted:icy
disturbing:distressing
recharged:re-energized
chinos:jeans
complaint:illness
Providence:destiny
erupt:eject
recalcitrance:riot
flit:fly
texture:surface
talk:crack
slightness:pettiness
great:impressive
transcendent:inspirational
windfall:one-off
watchfulness:caution
collected:unruffled
shadowing:investigation
incapacity:powerlessness
sensible:aware
telephone:receiver
avenue:boulevard
performer:recitalist
lifelong:ultimate
branch:division
contrast:disparity
liberality:charity
unfasten:detach
discourage:restrain
formal:prescribed
dismember:cut up
serve:help
dipped:hollow
bronze:figurine
fully:altogether
except:excluding
fate:end
pedantically:logically
defenses:military protection
contort:twist
vacuously:stupidly
establish:determine
critically:perilously
drizzly:wet
floor:stump
capital:hub
assure:reassure
plunk:drop
enticing:beguiling
silky:glossy
leg:support
unauthorized:not permitted
woe:anguish
bishopric:district
energized:keyed up
inconceivable:ludicrous
circumnavigate:revolve
appreciate:be thankful for
she'll:skin
adored:respected
revivify:refresh
governess:coach
bankruptcy:liquidation
betoken:promise
richly:thoroughly
inapplicable:inapposite
aghast:stunned
fellowship:companionship
chain:succession
vexation:annoyance
justified:correct
classicist:traditionalist
deliciously:pleasantly
discover:notice
remunerate:recompense
overturn:abolish
opinionated:intolerant
grounding:education
scandalous:shameful
forestall:anticipate
aggrieved:victimized
richness:value
nomenclature:catalog
ready:raring to go
mantelpiece:ledge
narration:voice-over
surreptitiously:sneakily
expansive:unrestrained
paragon:epitome
fictitious:fabricated
perceptive:observant
wand:rod
taunting:acerbic
clamminess:dampness
outskirts:bounds
province:district
attack:raid
colloquy:discussion
rise:upsurge
blank:impassive
journeying:exploration
spread:allotment
while:little
inlet:creek
file:row
remote:small
variability:changeability
malignantly:spitefully
effects:belongings
landmark:ground-breaking
somewhat:fairly
delinquency:failure
bleak:harsh
tolerable:supportable
disorganized:disordered
canvas's:test
avenge:retaliate
duelist:gunfighter
chill:make colder
proactive:positive
refraining:abstaining
session:meeting
limit:ceiling
imprecise:unfocused
means:process
revue:extravaganza
Singer's:school choir
headlong:impetuous
comment:mention
gouge:groove
sacrilege:blasphemy
soft:tender
entrails:viscera
demarcate:mark out
domineering:overassertive
elect:decide on
air:space
calamity:mishap
support:leg
demeaning:unbecoming
observation's:interpretation
type:key in
splendidly:ornately
nationalize:make public
approach:draw near
mustiness:dankness
spare:release
face:play against
shadiness:underhandedness
hereditary:heritable
recognize:acknowledge
leniently:mercifully
stomp:tramp
voice:declare
pure:uncorrupted
impute:accredit
overruling:superseding
sullen:somber
dingy:poor
fantasize:daydream
showpiece:attraction
maneuver:plan
force's:services
precinct:garden
department:specialty
electrifying:stirring
shopkeeper:salesperson
flotilla:armada
gawk:stare
principle:tenet
befit:become
disgustedly:wincingly
appear:come into sight
felony:crime
entice:allure
plunge:lurch
succeed:accomplish something
bamboozle:muddle
rummage:poke around
Pacific:gentle
torrent's:fast-moving water
starting:opening
devotion:religious fervor
trajectory:line
astound:overwhelm
rejected:unwanted
romp:dance around
comeliness:beauty
author:creator
rug:carpet
deft:smart
momentous:considerable
nymph:dryad
gloomy:overcast
wretchedness:misery
skew:place at an angle
part:cut
indiscreet:injudicious
migratory:drifting
wad:mass
outlandish:weird
elude:avoid
trepidation:consternation
thrill:ecstasy
unattractive:nasty
grub:uproot
comment's:interpretation
underneath:beneath
burliness:muscularity
colic:stitch
empathy:understanding
morosely:huffily
RIP:seize
improvement:step up
differentiation:separation
reprieve:official pardon
dishonorable:sleazy
sociable:convivial
whisker's:mustache
clank:clang
move:shift
whereas:where
unevenness:patchiness
swarm:mass
diadem:wreath
trip:visit
Buck's:bread
puckish:elfin
submersed:submerged
conditions:surroundings
drink:cocktail
bank:rank
mettle:pluck
remembrance:memory
snappish:petulant
videotape:tape
unaccustomed:impossible
slayer:cause of death
preserve:save
crammed:overcrowded
spare:free
yank:tug
IN:inwards
decamp:run off
runnel:pothole
imagine:see
hotbed:breeding ground
theater:the stage
consumption:spending
puerile:trivial
saturate:soak
acquirement:getting hold of
valiant:courageous
manhandle:shove
superior:self-important
people:public
land:put down
tasks:odd jobs
pike:hilltop
cohere:stick together
divinely:exquisitely
divide:come between
administration:government
bluff:lie
hydroplane:jet
brainstorm:suggest
nocturnally:at night
oppressive:overwhelming
bombshell:shock
apprehensively:nervously
steepness:sharpness
abusiveness:vulgarity
dissenting:rebel
pranks:high jinks
covered:enclosed
protracted:expanded
maladroit:gawky
ratify:authorize
facet:factor
decent:moral
pastel:restrained
cuisine:fare
track:trajectory
casement:skylight
unobtrusively:modestly
run:last
neatness:precision
recognize:be aware of
hit:market leader
PR:popularity
disfigured:flawed
decorated:adorned
guideline's:strategy
unpredictability:capriciousness
dowry:grant
Pacific:calm
breaking:infringement
mine:excavation
putrefaction:breakdown
unjustly:discriminatorily
hunt:hound
strangle:stifle
gallows:gibbet
mountainous:immense
dear:costly
internment:captivity
thereby:so
investigate:look into
welcome:reception
decrepit:feeble
fell:cut down
imploring:entreating
rousing:moving
tilted:skewed
sweltering:baking
agitate:disturb
however:yet
midpoint:border line
shards:remains
web:snarl
earthquake:tremor
denouement:finale
ineligibility:disentitlement
ingot:lump
jar:irk
flat:fixed
cadge:get
deliver:distribute
derivation:seed
disarray:disorder
Sharp:incisive
festive:jolly
increase:become more intense
duty:obligation
handle:see to
idiosyncrasy:habit
develop:enlarge
prepare:cook
wide:expansive
apathetically:droopily
judge's:adjudicators
entangle:enmesh
convivial:friendly
prologue:preamble
disinterestedly:objectively
obviously:apparently
narration:telling
fattening:calorific
gurgle:babble
priestly:pastoral
heat:part
furtive:stealthy
decent:adequate
canvasser:investigator
exultantly:elatedly
decadently:dissolutely
pompousness:pretentiousness
hope:faith
venerate:worship
dimness:diffuseness
funniness:comicalness
provable:demonstrable
alley:path
vital:of the essence
magnetism:appeal
accretion:mass
snooze:doze off
disapprove:object to
pressure:bulldoze
carefree:untroubled
hiss:mock
medicinal:curative
munificent:liberal
monk:holy man
stout:plucky
bothersome:troublesome
viciousness:nastiness
rite:ceremony
good:talented
Davenport:couch
ridge:pucker
caged:enslaved
closest:adjoining
connection:relation
typo:literal
invent:make up
rather:noticeably
burglarize:rob
mustiness:stuffiness
drive:thrust
disarranged:rumpled
scramble:climb
personify:give a human face to
rigor:severity
mulishness:determination
useless:pathetic
definition:classification
delineate:define
grating:harsh
high:high point
sickly:poorly
reality:realism
buy:bargain
require:entail
sharp:sudden
favor:act of kindness
activist:advocate
technology:tools
web:trap
tagging:class
scourge:plague
sporadically:intermittently
important:foremost
depreciate:run down
noiseless:soundless
symbol's:secret code
command:decree
depreciation:decline
meteoric:impressive
squeamish:fastidious
dinner:ceremonial dinner
cinder's:residue
deviate:move away
conclave:council
politic:expedient
review:re-examination
keynote:essential
ignite:stir up
Forest:woodland
deftly:nimbly
importune:demand
reassessment:reconsideration
dribble:slaver
mediator:intermediary
merciless:callous
boastfully:conceitedly
borrow:use
extent:magnitude
chef:pastry-cook
pigeonhole:cubicle
unbreakable:resilient
anything:something
describe:express
irreparable:irremediable
audit:appraise
beatific:pure
till:turn over
chargeable:punishable
Camel:buff
use:expenditure
architect:inventor
rule:tenet
quarry:mine
steadfast:unswerving
forward:further
perturbing:nerve-racking
decease:demise
moist:damp
oppressive:repressive
circuit:course
allergy:allergic reaction
upkeep:keep
single:unattached
specialized:particular
Sue:go to court
overpower:overawe
spirited:feisty
fear:nightmare
heedlessly:carelessly
frowzy:frayed
avarice:greediness
square:fairly
cursory:perfunctory
moneymaking:fruitful
intimation:suggestion
horseplay:play
solemn:grave
dutifully:unquestioningly
lot:luck
bushwhack:ambush
rhythmically:steadily
uncomprehending:blank
original:previous
unhappily:unfortunately
resourcefulness:originality
propinquity:proximity
tight:stiff
balcony:gallery
rundown:ramshackle
nonnegotiable:preset
wringing:soaked to the skin
outrun:outshine
excrescence:monstrosity
absconding:desertion
intriguing:stimulating
incarcerate:put in prison
make:achieve
rocky:shaky
extend:stretch
unoriginal:trite
illegal:criminal
straighten:tidy
effective:valuable
cogently:coherently
indefinable:obscure
invocation:chant
inordinate:immoderate
out:in a daze
dubious:uncertain
bite:nibble
somersaulting:head-over-heels
store:storeroom
pool:team
informed:knowledgeable
murk:gloom
healthful:beneficial
translate:decipher
delude:dupe
past:former
cockeyed:askew
mollycoddle:overprotect
strap:strip
predicament:mess
feedback:criticism
inquiry:investigation
livid:enraged
viciously:cruelly
louse:rascal
power:clout
corroded:moldy
testiness:irritability
PIN:restrain
nonevent:anticlimax
carefully:suspiciously
petulantly:crossly
disciple:believer
fan:wave
close:finish
moodiness:glum
sincerely:earnestly
runner:gofer
Short:suddenly
fine:all right
impudence:impertinence
cyst:carbuncle
superseding:dominant
bedclothes:quilt
wallop:hit
cruelly:viciously
apparent:seeming
desolateness:futility
disrupting:troublesome
blue's:despair
across:from corner to corner
inconsiderately:carelessly
cudgel:club
adjunct:attachment
societal:public
masquerade:deception
homesickness:wistfulness
utmost:maximum
fine:in good health
lunge:stab
lapse:fade
finery:fine clothes
puffiness:bulge
racially:ethnically
slant:slope
we'll:effectively
galvanize:rouse
untutored:untaught
expressive:meaningful
indignant:up in arms
wear:wear and tear
paradoxical:inconsistent
etch:outline
Pace:walk up and down
denizen:occupier
pay:salary
partying:revels
cluttered:chaotic
Lot's:to excess
perversion:twisting
desist:give up
labor:struggle
appetizing:mouth-watering
workaday:commonplace
disapproving:negative
reflect:ponder
sign:signal
chastisement:scolding
decided:unequivocal
raze:devastate
rootless:nomadic
seamless:textbook
glutton:gastronome
preside:run
entrance:entry
skimpiness:prudence
lowly:poor
transact:conclude
active:involved
unbound:uninhibited
hard:powerfully
Chance's:probability
push:drive
box:container
conquest:subjugation
unfaithful:untrue
luxuriant:dense
sort:class
improbably:doubtfully
principle:law
miscarry:come to nothing
everlasting:interminable
exoneration:pity
prop:support
stubbornness:doggedness
almighty:terrific
revitalizing:healthy
comparable:equal
cheerfully:joyfully
heading:bearing
marble:sandstone
reportedly:purportedly
access:door
accede:agree
doll:toy
pointlessly:senselessly
protester:activist
marry:walk down the aisle
hooligan:ruffian
consumable:fresh
magpie:accumulator
tangle:maze
unreserved:uninhibited
use:worth
ignite:incite
suffering:agony
house:villa
curl:wind
suited:matched
trudge:traipse
private:concealed
explicate:make plain
practically:virtually
meaty:hunky
candor:sincerity
incompatibly:conflictingly
Hope:hopefulness
filtrate:scum
errand:duty
unfold:unfurl
buzz:phone call
colt:pony
see:investigate
cryptogram:secret code
nepotism:bias
model:prototypical
spurt:issue
finish:cessation
pellet:shot
annex:appropriate
smarmy:oily
careen:wind
shore's:seaboard
agreeably:comfortably
unfeasible:unable to be realized
becoming:appropriate
carve:shape
emergent:developing
insides:guts
sans:in need
Rich:expensive
entity:article
unflinchingly:fearlessly
intermittently:from time to time
villainous:evil
disgracefully:appallingly
slur:affront
fastened:secure
oaf:fool
advertise:announce
crinkly:puckered
hastily:speedily
austerity:asceticism
invocation:spell
thrill:buzz
note:remark
strike:come to
Gamble:chance
fabulously:marvelously
foulness:uncleanness
orphan:thing
otherworldly:unearthly
also:and
longing:desire
corrode:decay
consumption:drinking
land:territory
jumble:shuffle
profuse:abundant
acidity:tartness
double:expand
unlike:contrasting
defense:protection
temperate:equable
desolately:miserably
pandemic:deadly disease
umpire:arbitrator
overage:remainder
coffin:sarcophagus
rumba:foxtrot
fairly:positively
unassailable:indomitable
nepotism:partiality
shattered:devastated
subvert:destabilize
seizure:spasm
known:established
motherly:protective
indiscriminately:by chance
snoozing:somnolent
about:around
boorish:rough
serenity:coolness
communicate:exchange a few words
dissension:disagreement
tempestuous:rough
detachment:disinterest
detail:describe
wholeness:entirety
batter:bang
catch:hit
fetching:attractive
post:forward
commiseration:sympathy
furred:hairy
undetected:unobserved
chafe:irritate
precise:meticulous
cashier:teller
relate:hit it off
dissent:discord
occupy:live in
leniency:clemency
legally:lawfully
embody:personify
centralized:central
basically:when all's said and done
impede:obstruct
cynically:contemptuously
banishment:expulsion
finishing:concluding
heartlessness:pitilessness
heroine:conqueror
pigheaded:determined
foretelling:divination
Sally:raid
brown:tan
disorderly:undisciplined
ground:opinion
unsigned:nameless
prolific:profuse
bamboozle:puzzle
astonish:daze
frame:border
content:satisfy
flamboyant:showy
must:be obliged to
worthy:admirable
chick:hatchling
beseeching:persuasive
wallowing:self-pitying
breakup:disintegrate
overshadow:take the limelight
harm:wound
gauche:callow
chirping:cheeping
peak:tip
spot:soup?on
adjustable:bendable
Genesis:beginning
reproduce:produce
pass:jam
immoderately:unrestrainedly
unwonted:uncommon
shortsighted:short-range
controlled:restricted
sieve:strain
second:moment
unawares:unqualified
putrefaction:disintegration
abomination:scandal
terrain:topography
mainly:predominantly
importance:substance
headrest:head support
lushness:luxuriance
boldly:unflinchingly
ably:with ease
provisionally:as an interim measure
faultless:unfaultable
lime:jade
downpour:inundation
hallmark:promise
perkiness:vim
keenly:acutely
germicide:antiseptic
Hiss:hoot
unchallenged:plain
denial:disavowal
aspiration:target
pleasantry:slapstick
hard:brutal
gallant:brave
licensed:approved
Chase:hunt
scrap's:snippets
ambiance:setting
skimp:withhold
vehemence:intensity
countrified:rural
remorselessly:insistently
recalcitrant:disobedient
vaporizer:spray can
disperse:scatter
trap:con
perfectionism:diligence
destroyer:slayer
breakup:destruction
crabby:cranky
bummer:disappointment
bandit:thug
infested:polluted
inexhaustible:never-ending
sometimes:now and again
teem:swarm
flat:absolute
caustic:corrosive
angry:annoyed
uphold:espouse
advance:money up front
lineup:get into formation
munch:masticate
wearily:with a sigh
chirp:twitter
maintain:sustain
whack:thump
wakeful:alert
impropriety:lack of decorum
tweak:jerk
confidently:assertively
trait:quality
library:documents
handiwork:creation
pliant:easily swayed
burly:robust
furl:roll up
rightfulness:truth
loss:cost
manacle's:handcuffs
reflecting:shimmering
peevishness:irritability
strew:cover
suborn:pay off
incautious:rash
regularly:repeatedly
uproarious:very funny
inapplicable:inappropriate
ring:sphere
testiness:cantankerousness
haggle:barter
tile's:carpet
ballpoint:fountain pen
feathers:fine hair
put:plant
debilitated:incapacitated
concoct:invent
striker:attacker
Little:not very
jettison:dump
assimilation:digestion
darn:repair
even:equal
jejune:sophomoric
assumption:belief
disarray:a shambles
rime:hoarfrost
upmarket:chic
forgotten:ancient history
take:assume
lineup:collect
economy:budget
omit:skip over
slack:limp
propagation:circulation
agreeable:affable
tactfully:diplomatically
stunningly:strikingly
standard:mean
counteract:counter
relics:remainder
sprouting:nascent
flaccid:sagging
barracks:camp
Charity:compassion
brown:brunette
sheltered:protected
dexterity:skillfulness
diluted:thinned
sofa:daybed
Land:native land
disproportionately:suspiciously
nakedness:bareness
Sweet:soft-hearted
unforgettable:treasured
code:symbols
confound:puzzle
troublemaker:scalawag
commission:order
Crater:dip
reveal:bring to light
suspicion:smidgen
Martial:belligerent
ways:conduct
revive:resuscitate
reproach:accuse
unplanned:impromptu
timid:timorous
bleat:fuss
barrage:salvo
greatly:seriously
cynically:sardonically
videotape:video
eloquently:fluently
strict:stringent
administration:giving out
liable:apt
inward:interior
soak:saturate
surrender:laying down of arms
flaxen:blond
etch:scratch
dream:visualize
shingle:grit
grassland:pampas
complete:undivided
intimately:through and through
reason:infer
Superior:best quality
peremptory:authoritative
advise:notify
genuflection:obeisance
absolute:unqualified
ransom:money
award:decision
precursor:sign
phony:charlatan
avoid:take avoiding action
foothill:hill
incorrectness:impropriety
antecedent's:experience
redolent:fragrant
hitchhike:get a ride
cinch:pushover
abusively:unpleasantly
affiliate:associate
protrude:jut
floppiness:droopiness
value:esteem
scorch:burn
flag:fall
clear:transparent
careful:wise
nettle:exasperate
robotic:computerized
platter:dish
web:complication
balance:poise
debar:bar
filled:full
palate:appreciation
bad:rude
tastiness:juiciness
cultivation:promotion
masterwork:masterpiece
hotel:lodge
mountaineer:rambler
disaffect:estrange
turn:go
perilous:terrifying
moody:temperamental
untie:free
spokesperson:speaker
hurtful:inappropriate
complacency:gratification
mean:average
replacement:understudy
replete:supplied
tryout:audition
specific:exclusive
scan:inspection
exchange:discussion
spacecraft:rocket ship
nonrepresentational:abstract
load:pack
verve:vitality
niceness:likability
paper's:credentials
dawning:genesis
metrically:in time
Dare:have the guts
truthfulness:faithfulness
heartlessness:mercilessness
technical:specialized
aid:help
filament:yarn
gourmet:connoisseur
notionally:speculatively
first:leading
besmirched:ruined
implacable:cruel
duster:cloth
traipse:schlep
incredulous:disbelieving
tumultuous:confused
incisively:intelligently
wheedle:coax
portly:generously proportioned
stricken:injured
antiquated:obsolete
finished:complete
mightily:greatly
unendurable:intolerable
degeneracy:wickedness
expansiveness:scale
rid:exonerate
Good:blameless
armor:shell
grousing:complaining
use:manipulate
scuffing:deterioration
milestone:target
uprising:revolution
loathe:abominate
rough:estimated
unobjectionable:innocuous
applaud:praise
inexplicably:puzzlingly
worry:lose sleep
representation:sign
elaborately:richly
serially:in succession
observe:scrutinize
grave:serious
remuneration:pay
long:lengthy
thing:event
sob:snivel
distillation:sanitization
snippy:ill-tempered
research:study
hopelessness:desperation
blinkered:narrow-minded
oxidize:tarnish
carping:complaining
languish:get weaker
sideline:secondary
record:tape
analytical:investigative
pretension:airs
arbiter:go-between
precinct:private grounds
dupe:con
obscurely:blurrily
aloof:standoffish
weirdly:improbably
exception:exclusion
feature:trait
plasticity:grace
colonize:settle
ruthlessly:pitilessly
Wolf:devour
frigid:off-putting
negative:downbeat
spacious:airy
untwist:disentangle
conflagration:inferno
retention:custody
crazy:outlandish
aver:profess
affectation:mannerism
disdainful:sneering
runoff:surfeit
lay:uninitiated
device:machine
Grant:exempt
provocation:irritation
dream:nightmare
wholesome:decent
crate:pen
gargantuan:massive
blunted:dull
eschew:turn your back on
emboss:imprint
saw:aphorism
try:put on trial
dramatize:adapt for the stage
hold:view
Lodge:fix in place
illegal:dishonest
dignitary:worthy
depleted:exhausted
Van:precursor
issue:topic
somberly:gloomily
feebly:softly
conclave:assembly
arise:appear
draft:draw up
procreation:reproduction
pus:flow
blunder:foul up
bobble:jog
trepidation:apprehension
plunge:nose-dive
explicate:illuminate
giving:charitable
art:knack
perturbed:anxious
telegram:message
analytic:methodical
neighborly:cooperative
promulgate:publicize
veneer:facade
window:porthole
liaise:bridge
incompetently:extremely badly
memorialize:celebrate
plan:strategy
canker:menace
susceptibility:receptiveness
inundation:stream
serve:give out
mockery:sham
addendum:rider
hence:thus
mellow:melodious
fittings:furniture
impure:mixed
convention:agreement
scholarship:study
manner's:good manners
Rusty:out of form
past:times of yore
crassness:crudeness
adamantly:obdurately
mudslide:tremor
fecundity:productiveness
shield:safeguard
housekeeping:maintenance
bombardment:onslaught
ingenuousness:candor
sharp:quick
voracious:greedy
earthiness:coarseness
program:code
twinkle:sparkle
brittleness:frailty
Chimera:daydream
chuckle:giggle
version:kind
durably:robustly
redden:color
clanging:tinny
immensity:hugeness
implant:instill
morale:self-esteem
bleary:unfocused
exigency:demand
apartment:high-rise
impressively:excitingly
dodder:lurch
wise:judicious
crash:thump
mutinous:rebellious
nettled:annoyed
labor:workers
right:redress
preciseness:neatness
group:grouping
legal:above-board
deportation:exile
delegation:lobby group
toadstool:mold
good:safe
mediators:UN armed forces
contrast:gap
collage:patchwork
pertness:audacity
similarly:correspondingly
abnormality:irregularity
reduce:ease
finger:point out
unsightly:ugly
geographically:geologically
Sharp:spiky
amorphousness:fluidity
gallantry:daring
picturesque:chocolate box
skeptic:doubting Thomas
attribution:acknowledgment
sour:disagreeable
stuck:trapped
collectively:as a group
mystify:confound
fight:boxing match
Harry:annoy
placidly:gently
undemonstrative:restrained
viaduct:bridge
lazy:slothful
clearly:noticeably
flaking:shedding
toothsome:edible
degree:amount
sensitive:insightful
crackers:wild
charismatic:compelling
short:sharp
conscript:recruit
standstill:rust
fluently:effortlessly
insulate:line
corrosive:caustic
reprimand:scolding
strew:encumber
proxy:alternative
afford:allow
outlet:opening
accumulator:collector
setup:complex
surmise:postulate
animation:vigor
mistake:oversight
nonstandard:falling short
merciful:thankful
reincarnate:revitalize
flake:crumble
qualify:soften
ostensible:superficial
underplay:play down
failure:crash
partial:incomplete
example:exemplar
partial:unfinished
depart:set forth
aperture:crack
tract:piece
dankness:mustiness
brisk:quick
paradigm:example
knead:work
quixotic:romantic
conscientious:painstaking
decoy:bait
government:authority
solecism:error
swaddle:cloak
potential:would-be
flinch:start
transitory:passing
inquiring:penetrating
outperform:surpass
striking:out of the ordinary
matter:affair
fancy:impressive
discuss:argue
cuff's:shackles
coordinated:synchronized
aghast:astonished
shabbily:dishonorably
fogginess:haziness
undressed:bare
deathlike:ghastly
maiming:damage
hesitation:disinclination
mercilessly:ruthlessly
Mass:bunch
recognize:attach importance to
mischief:harm
especially:markedly
foretaste:indication
knowingly:perceptively
fissure:split
laypeople:general public
handsomely:generously
body:main part
vilify:speak ill of
unimaginative:unoriginal
safe:trustworthy
Cook:pastry-cook
bloated:ballooned
sternly:somberly
sanctuary:shelter
thicket:wood
drop:jump down
inexplicably:without explanation
mistake:confuse
wistfulness:vagueness
graduate:regulate
plausibly:conceivably
fluidity:changeableness
almanac:manual
tranquil:quiet
add:supplement
lunacy:psychosis
upend:turn over
reimbursement:repayment
capsize:keel over
stain:soil
tight:tough
specious:wrong
spiky:sharp
analysis:investigation
preparation:grounding
frenzied:mad
trucker:teamster
unscrupulous:crooked
wistfulness:absentmindedness
regular:ordered
soggy:wet
representative:sales rep
happening's:activities
blush:go red in the face
coherently:lucidly
inclined:apt
division:dissection
awry:crooked
telepathy:E.S.P.
region:borough
commiseration:pity
holiday:anniversary
prepare:arrange
locker:cabinet
cracker's:out of control
unhook:undo
natural:sincere
embark:get on
disenchanted:disappointed
shortness:squatness
envious:green with envy
aim:object
unexceptional:undistinguished
right:straight
label:brand name
liaise:communicate
conference:federation
book:volume
shabby:despicable
finesse:tact
inhumanely:atrociously
jar:jolt
release:announce
name:fame
gluttonous:greedy
thriller:crime story
dissect:study
Wood:copse
capably:proficiently
mandarin:official
buttresses:ramparts
blush:redden
lines:defenses
grandeur:opulence
notch:stage
wasting:assassination
headdress:headband
prime:fill in
grimness:hideousness
wraparound:weave
bite:hurt
fracture:rupture
assumed:unsaid
suffice:be enough
biggest:prime
asphyxiate:choke
timeless:unchanging
gloomy:ominous
Mass:bulk
epidemic:pandemic
despotic:tyrannical
hole:aperture
industrial:work
refinement:modification
gawkiness:klutziness
fallaciously:untrustworthily
ostracize:send to Coventry
empower:make powerful
story:legend
bigmouth:blabbermouth
garnishing:garnishes
complex:composite
overpowered:routed
law:rule
place:position
trip:expedition
middle:median
undercut:dent
jump:start
dexterity:legerdemain
root:burrow
brazenly:bald-facedly
quaintness:attractiveness
indisposed:sick
parry:sidestep
pullover:jumper
inviolable:firm
systemic:universal
document:write down
hoot:howl
womanly:female
claim:maintain
delay:break
squadron:company
attitude:position
blandly:weakly
drape:decorate
highbrow:academic
blur:obscure
writ:court order
talk:parley
raggedness:serration
garrison:fort
inhumanly:heartlessly
commended:applauded
brisk:fresh
borders:restrictions
authentication:verification
split:tear
copied:clich?d
stiletto:bread knife
transport:vehicle
rubble:debris
quack:sham
row:propel
observe:say
artifact:manufactured article
stub:end
predictability:tiredness
script:words
stupefy:astound
name:star
briefly:succinctly
extroverted:talkative
trance:sleep
disproportionate:unequal
long:slow
plunge:rush headlong
swivel:twirl
knowingly:eloquently
teem:be crammed
sizzling:warm
wakeful:attentive
differ:diverge
artless:natural
model:paradigm
hobnob:associate
dissipate:dissolve
kill:exterminate
affront:offend
canteen:buffet
Benton:resolved
ebullient:bright
encased:enclosed
thump:blow
weather:live through
dipped:dished
Communism:socialism
volition:choice
childless:barren
invariable:unwavering
slip:blunder
pungent:strong
partisanship:devotion
purport:allege
intelligibility:simplicity
parsimonious:prudent
corrupt:distort
attack:dose
truthfully:truly
involved:drawn in
expiration:ending
unless:if not
obscure:unheard of
cocktail:blend
ramble:stroll
bragging:overweening
workforce:workers
origination:beginning
ferry:transmit
hate:can't bear
thickset:solid
auto:sports car
vacillation:indecision
poem:sonnet
farmhouse:loft
congress:lower house
vindictive:spiteful
unnerve:frighten
reprieve:pardon
redeploy:redistribute
forcible:powerful
stringently:rigorously
authenticity:realism
uniform:even
downcast:down
antenna:aerial
mound:mountain
fittingly:appropriately
method:mode
vendetta:dispute
erupt:go off
circle:ring
bleakly:forlornly
blame:point the finger at
hard:solid
mysterious:cagey
raucousness:hoarseness
fleetingly:ephemerally
cement:fasten together
unmindful:forgetful
think:suppose
gracious:genial
airing:exposure
mystify:confuse
equity:justness
incomparably:very
fruitfully:profitably
swarm:mass
bouillabaisse:broth
layered:covered
handshake:greeting
appendage:accessory
mildewed:stale
peal:boom
uppermost:main
flake:chip
immaculate:pristine
unqualified:without qualifications
laxness:leniency
hanging's:long curtains
dreadfully:truly
daintily:delicately
peak:zenith
ugly:aggressive
multicolored:rich
scorching:sizzling
remind:repeat
boringly:uninterestingly
denotation:import
cuff:hit
administration:government
type:mode
tactician:negotiator
dictum:dictate
escape:evade
recuperation:recovery
promise:augur
association:connotation
cinch:bind
worrywart:nag
army:mass
aware:sentient
embossed:stamped
dazzle:confuse
sulk:bad mood
fancy:have a desire for
incineration:fire
sadistic:brutal
freshness:newness
takeoff:impersonation
Junior:novice
blanch:go pale
bravely:courageously
use:exercise
carelessly:injudiciously
souvenir:memento
get:dig up
uncharted:unknown
discourse:talk
unsuitable:out of place
inquiry:query
lend:let somebody borrow
industrialist:businessman
flavorless:flat
firmness:stiffness
ironical:tongue in cheek
pull:entice
weaken:give in
complaint:objection
glittering:glitzy
derisively:contemptuously
dizzily:lightly
fowl:capon
application:single-mindedness
freedom:free will
impatience:eagerness
lofty:noble
compromise:concession
bribery:paying-off
sweaty:clammy
classiness:elegance
hold:handhold
works:facility
plant:hide
merciless:heartless
salve:liniment
aspect:facet
clear:absolve
homemade:home-produced
durably:strongly
horrible:unbearable
profusion:large amount
impregnable:invulnerable
condolences:commiseration
sheen:patina
dilute:thin
grant:endowment
value:respect
pout:sulk
adept:skilled
discus's:confer
harass:pester
credentials:identification
actual:tangible
seascape:outlook
crossly:snappily
engagement's:arrangements
annex:seize
finding:decision
gravely:grimly
sunken:gaunt
astray:off beam
retreat:sanctuary
pocket:appropriate
inauguration:creation
suspense:expectancy
sally:outing
rekindling:replenishment
fastener:tie
movement's:activities
pastiche:spoof
imprudent:irresponsible
durability:strength
slant:angle
guideline's:course of action
inconsequential:unimportant
wholesome:natural
main:focal
purportedly:as rumor has it
parcel's:correspondence
diffidently:hesitantly
weighty:heavy
peel:crust
judge:determine
aftereffect's:consequences
peacefulness:stillness
captain:head
backfire:boomerang
wearisome:uninteresting
horridly:offensively
refuge:harbor
babyish:immature
miss:forget
redevelop:reinforce
chute:cascade
she'll:missile
vacillation:indecisiveness
interpret:account for
lair:den
skillful:proficient
nitpicker:whiner
hatch:formulate
rinse:soak
killing:murder
squishy:squashy
infinitesimal:minuscule
authenticity:genuineness
deferment:suspension
preset:fixed
purging:taking away
yes:no problem
album:stamp album
creativeness:originality
copied:unoriginal
lynching:execution
attack:hit
virtue:good point
fix:secure
near:like
phobic:irrational
quit:relinquish
lecture:talk
stubbornly:doggedly
reassurance:support
misunderstanding:squabble
preparedness:vigilance
break:crack
via:by means of
squawk:call
voluble:vociferous
invincible:insuperable
cajole:sweet-talk
disturb:agitate
suffer:have a medical condition
mellow:laid-back
moodiness:grumpiness
fan:devotee
falsify:fix
weaken:abate
Ginger:auburn
portico:entrance
essentials:fundamentals
blasphemous:irreverent
opposing:competing
bug:fault
fervor:vehemence
heartbreak:disaster
unbind:liberate
restive:on edge
platter:salver
terribly:horribly
appetizing:tempting
settlement:clearing
purposely:knowingly
drinkable:potable
triad:harmony
unconfirmed:hearsay
pack:crowd
stalled:over-involved
limelight:fame
patchwork:mess
ancient:outdated
give:commit
transversely:crossways
peak:pike
figure:amount
discourage:deter
annihilation:obliteration
fearfully:frightfully
Providence:chance
jump:be startled
fanatic:extremist
nauseous:stomach-turning
feature:include
associate:see
lifeblood:support
edict:announcement
henna:rinse
punctual:prompt
wig:horsehair
mark:score
quick:nimble
cowardly:spineless
phony:spurious
acquit:release
wildness:harshness
inspirational:inspiring
subterfuge:trick
sheltered:cushy
aspiration:goal
fullness:extensiveness
fancy:upmarket
mulishness:obstinacy
magic:enchanted
related:interconnected
lilac:mauve
wash:coating
enable:allow
patrician:upper-class
pronto:instantly
jump:bound
mauve:light purple
dear:beloved
backbiting:viciousness
instruction:training
sad:heartrending
academia:academic world
isle:islet
toughen:build up
irresponsibility:frivolity
encirclement:grip
awed:overcome
record:make a recording
Mark:stain
ravine:gully
near:in the vicinity of
representation:illustration
annals:records
gruffness:curtness
idea:inspiration
sepulcher:crypt
secret:undisclosed
staunch:decrease
shortcoming:weakness
standoffish:reticent
fineness:distinction
jolt:push
pedestal:podium
hibernate:hide away
diaphanous:sheer
need:call for
gain:advantage
adroitly:cleverly
teachings:wisdom
espionage:surveillance
eloquent:persuasive
publication:book
playoff:go against
abruptly:immediately
finished:lost
generalization:sweeping statement
harrowing:upsetting
lingo:vernacular
disgraceful:dishonorable
blockage:stumbling block
Arctic:chilly
urn:jug
imitative:trite
entrepreneurial:industrial
opposing:opposite
rein's:pedals
ghoulish:morbid
indigent:poor
arbitrary:subjective
siphon:draw off
eye:observe
ridge:fold
assignable:convertible
immediacy:propinquity
bountiful:profuse
balloon:expand
mooch:get away with
loot:rob
marketer:vendor
hunched:hooked
dappled:mottled
backup:help
understandingly:delicately
impoverished:underprivileged
rancorous:vengeful
condition's:state of affairs
care:caution
egalitarian:equal
negation:reversal
squirm:struggle
discomfited:tongue-tied
brutish:tough
endangered:dying out
shifty:suspicious
judge:consider
realization:apprehension
imprint's:path
keen:ardent
advance:spread
everywhere:the world over
stylishness:smartness
draw:withdraw
tighten:straighten
unexciting:lackluster
toadying:smooth
theoretician:doctrinaire
irrigate:hose
Grant:consent to
chain:series
reduce:moderate
plop:pop
looseness:laxity
effort:crack
ravage:wreck
low:gloomy
thoughtless:inattentive
resilient:strong
mean:stand for
trajectory:track
misanthropist:pessimist
embarrass:humiliate
disbarment:banishment
dart:zip
bamboozle:dupe
drab:dingy
deem:reckon
guiltily:illicitly
display:put on view
cutoff:stop
ended:broken
IN:here
Gamble:bet
cutup:upset
distraction:commotion
comb:search
wispy:thin
fasten:button up
miscalculate:misjudge
contribute:be part of the cause
layout:blueprint
relocate:shuffle
downbeat:offhand
unassuming:humble
trampled:firmed
dapper:neat
deference:reverence
Branch:limb
stipend:net
resplendently:superbly
standardize:regulate
keyhole:knothole
enthuse:stimulate
fund:supply
elated:overjoyed
reaction:answer
illegible:scribbled
mortify:shame
pluck:pick
uncoordinated:inept
motif:subject
cranberry:deep red
trellis:fence
assimilate:digest
largely:principally
corrective:remedial
emanate:originate
womanliness:femaleness
brood:mope
absurdity:silliness
outward:external
grayness:dirtiness
platoon:section
mendacity:lies
patriot:jingoist
rehabilitated:transformed
roamer:rover
activist:highly developed
wholesaler:seller
captive:ensnared
outgrowth:outcome
type:key
governess:tutor
intimidation:fear
drably:shabbily
frightful:appalling
tumble:drop
delectable:cute
rashness:indiscretion
corroboration:substantiation
hampered:disadvantaged
unraveling:separating
regard:gaze at
discomfort:worry
illegal:illegitimate
hole:pit
necklace's:costume jewelry
quiet:calm
resurrect:revitalize
lost:mystified
those:persons
labor:toil
unassailable:impregnable
vitalizing:brisk
striking:stunning
encompassing:about
nasty:horrible
description:variety
innocently:inoffensively
dexterity:ability
preconception:presumption
undetermined:uncertain
subset:rift
privation:adversity
shoot:score
pickle:soak
insoluble:indecipherable
coma:unconsciousness
synchronized:matched
well:thriving
push:thrust
vitriolic:vicious
responsibility:dependability
crabbily:huffily
unfathomable:incomprehensible
Bond:tie
battleground:theatre of war
angelic:pure
coalition:partnership
inelegant:gawky
fuzziness:fluffiness
descent:fall
partnered:aligned
outcrop:protrusion
Lot:portion
healing:therapeutic
sizable:great
traumatic:hurtful
sure:certain
official:allowed
adding:calculation
unwanted:discarded
average:ordinary
vibrate:pulsate
correct:adjust
extended:extensive
freedom:autonomy
adjudicators:judges
stealthily:covertly
cloudy:uncertain
outfits:attire
tameness:compliance
grown:grown-up
architect:planner
munitions:arms
scenic:picturesque
shred:destroy
debauchery:dissolution
submersed:suffused
intangibly:undetectably
announcement:notice
intention:meaning
precipitate:abrupt
trying:irritating
Lodge:cabin
suspect:have an idea that
friend:companion
associate:be involved with
quick:quick-thinking
splutter:seethe
prudish:prim
bulk:weight
lick:conquer
animal:creature
cower:shrink
expected:likely
prune:clip
repulse:hold off
malefactor:criminal
celebrity:popularity
patron:benefactor
scraped:threadbare
mystification:confusion
fear:horror
stock:carry
impetuously:hotheadedly
say:tell
gratuity:bonus
compactness:density
trappings:accessories
forgetful:scatterbrained
comparison:difference
hoaxer:joker
feign:pretend
due's:duty
leach:leak
cove:inlet
spasmodically:irregularly
shtick:lingo
flotilla:convoy
tight:taut
all:every
sunken:drawn
discipline:prepare
downcast:dismayed
managing:running
ferocity:strength
moratorium:freeze
monstrous:huge
sordidness:squalor
swan:flounce
surrogate:stand-in
bask:stretch out
rush:run
transliterate:write down
tripping:graceful
uninitiated:inexperienced
extraterrestrial:celestial
unsympathetic:cruel
threat's:bullying
atrociously:horrendously
facet:facade
if:stipulation
occupy:absorb
prognosis:diagnosis
required:necessary
acquiescent:accepting
dismayed:saddened
believed:understood
rundown:criticize
brunch:breakfast
save:but
shadowy:indistinct
insouciance:indifference
defray:foot
embassy:group
rapturous:overjoyed
uncaring:hardhearted
recently:newly
lobbyist:client
clot:coalesce
places:sitting room
uncultured:unrefined
chagrined:bothered
physiotherapy:rehabilitation
gloominess:dimness
tattle:tittle-tattle
Dare:provocation
aversion:hatred
said:understood
okay:approve
piercing:loud
forged:artificial
importantly:notably
ewer:bottle
valorous:brave
exile:deportation
demoralized:depressed
reciprocate:reply
grumpily:tetchily
deviating:conflicting
unravel:work out
laconic:to the point
retreat:flee
chino's:denims
hangout:retreat
Moor:connect
catchphrase:tag
acne:spots
impetuous:unthinking
environment:ecosystem
Strong:potent
sheathe:surround
by:through
jog:push
indigenous:original
shaving:chip
Ravel:untangle
describing:telling
subsequent:successive
animated:vigorous
fresh:inventive
weld:solder
repercussion:effect
idly:carelessly
presumably:apparently
merit:pro
harmonious:congruent
swerve:veer
course:lessons
artist:musician
respect:reverence
paperwork:official procedure
prophesy:prefigure
lingering:enduring
professional:expert
heavily:roughly
both:in cooperation
conscript:call up
demoralizing:uncomforting
improve:make better
attentiveness:attention
shoddily:badly
highest:utmost
just:simply
style:technique
predictability:logicality
titular:so-called
rekindle:regenerate
agonize:torture yourself
voyage:crossing
dismissal:discharge
thoughtfulness:thought
shoot:film
sequins:shiny flecks
bedazzled:confused
athletic:physical
dawning:emergence
contravene:breach
happily:gleefully
hypnotic:repetitive
reasonable:practical
snort:breathe out
with:amid
prime:top
blister:break out in blisters
note's:annotations
revered:respected
delicately:elegantly
mention:state
pick:harvest
stab:feeling
footprint:trace
flanking:side
hi:see you later
genie:sprite
represent:stand for
oodles:loads
whitewash:reverse
exploitative:manipulative
trouble:problem
admirer:fan
defiled:tarnished
partaking:contribution
pitcher:carafe
dirty:immoral
unshakable:unflinching
bodywork:carcass
viciousness:rancorousness
what:I'm sorry?
nagging:irritating
intimidation:bullying
share:assign
outside:slight
coerce:pressurize
delimit:set the limits of
spearhead:leading light
taunting:acid
stridently:shrilly
irritating:galling
godliness:piousness
mince:chop up
indefensibly:unforgivably
ingenuous:sincere
categorize:classify
ref:judge
vogue:style
reemerge:rematerialize
continually:constantly
sourly:disagreeably
curtly:brusquely
brevity:briefness
menacing:threatening
spiel:chatter
Kohl:eye makeup
knock:thump
aggregate:sum up
repress:limit
modern:prevailing
vanity:pointlessness
run:govern
inducement:carrot
atypical:strange
press:pressure
acquit:clear
venomously:maliciously
worried:upset
incise:score
invalid:unsound
convince:convert
headlong:without pause
though:all the same
overwork:do too much
connect:associate
loose:flowing
fair:trade fair
cocoon:envelop
former:earlier
finely:discriminatingly
fine:fair
faze:confuse
appraiser:judge
lost:abandoned
interpret:understand
forthrightness:outspokenness
steaming:blistering
scrappy:patchy
streak:zip
retrench:make savings
incompatible:unable to coexist
politely:civilly
belittling:criticism
wallop:hit
Bloom:come into flower
conservatory:school of the arts
Page:call
encouraged:optimistic
formidable:difficult
collapse:put away
reluctant:averse
apathetically:lethargically
duel:fight
hindquarters:rear legs
slander:vilify
quaver:tremble
finding:sentence
toupee:horsehair
slackly:with a loose knot
bony:underweight
aggrandizement:enhancement
garnishing:accessories
cronies:partners
setup:system
solecism:faux pas
unpreventable:inevitable
blaze:brightness
beneficiary:receiver
rapacity:greediness
violinist:violin player
muscular:strapping
cozy:expedient
block:building block
afforest:tree-plant
truck:van
chortle:gurgle
confinement:internment
tranquillize:put under
perfume:essence
ailing:not at your best
cedilla:acute accent
contemporaneous:contemporary
bullion:gold ingots
sprayer:aerosol
creak:squeak
outdistance:outrun
selling:promotion
gravely:grievously
amassing:increase
deformation:twist
indiscreet:lacking discretion
pickpocket:shoplifter
ajar:half closed
inflection:nuance
figures:numbers
vigorous:forceful
deluge:heavy shower
gradient:incline
readiness:quickness
sleep:have a siesta
luckless:hapless
launder:decontaminate
oilcloth:cover
dare:ultimatum
waterway:stream
pleasurably:enjoyably
neighborliness:friendliness
adversary:challenger
scrumptious:tasty
thunderstorm:downpour
headgear:hood
I'll:in poor health
Titanic:gigantic
recalcitrant:headstrong
weatherproof:resilient
blurred:unclear
unyielding:obstinate
vivid:dramatic
tweak:twist
unsuited:inapt
flimsy:feeble
tizzy:state
condescending:patronizing
real:bona fide
recap:sum up
vivid:lucid
physician:medical doctor
develop:work out
Dawn:crack of dawn
bulk:lion's share
grooved:ribbed
regard:watch
predominate:prevail
rattletrap:heap
rejected:discarded
carelessness:lack of attention
good:first-class
overestimate:expect too much of
descendant:successor
constricted:slight
guaranty:deposit
conclave:congress
fast:express
holdup:snag
scratch:cut
gristly:tough
healthiness:health
distinguish:see
gravestone:monument
presumption:supposition
capacious:extensive
derelict:ruined
sufficient:ample
playful:full of life
crotchety:tetchy
unmarried:unattached
faze:throw
home:institution
tangle:disorder
unmarked:without a scratch
boxer:pugilist
concerned:nervous
pare:cut down
against:beside
trash:demolish
mired:over-involved
ground:impose a sanction
solemnize:sanctify
worthy:valuable
slump:hunch
invulnerability:immunity
open:amicable
forerunner:indication
haziness:uncertainty
reminiscence's:recollections
lost:off course
potholed:rough
breathlessly:on tenterhooks
type:typography
unprejudiced:objective
draftsman:engineer
speed:tempo
plump:flabby
exigent:demanding
delicacy:polish
diffidence:quietness
austere:strict
deport:expel
right:entirely
speedily:hurriedly
covetous:desirous
hooray:good job
reorganized:simplified
inelegant:graceless
sure:confident
emphatic:categorical
deferentially:courteously
character:oddball
signification:significance
bike:tandem
myopic:bigoted
crooked:uneven
alive:flourishing
tutelage:protection
surrogate:replacement
sterilize:disinfect
fluoresce:incandesce
interests:welfare
infirm:unwell
shabby:grungy
advantages:reward
protest:remonstration
Bob:nod
desperate:frantic
sharp:sharp-witted
Titanic:huge
bear:abide
enigma:riddle
pack:bag
Head:rule
explicit:plain
grate:exasperate
ugliness:malice
flowery:florid
back:rear
puzzler:conundrum
referee:arbiter
sleaze:unpleasantness
flatly:absolutely
dulled:dull
serpentine:bending
lacerate:gash
parallel:analogous
dogmatic:dictatorial
licentiously:recklessly
impression:sense
improper:unsuitable
overall:in general
unstructured:free
purloin:rob
duelist:swordfighter
nauseate:sicken
epidemic:contagion
irascible:petulant
surprise:disclosure
secret:hush-hush
unshakable:constant
caption:title
edge:perimeter
season:term
hallucination:illusion
disreputable:infamous
Peace:end of war
discussions:negotiations
green:verdant
improvement:development
fuming:enraged
service:ceremony
tediousness:monotony
lance:spear
resulting:consequential
supports:ropes
element's:basics
elemental:rudimentary
scene:landscape
eject:emit
assuming:high and mighty
terminus:boundary
clamminess:mugginess
opportune:favorable
buckshot:shell
extricate:free
correspondingly:also
office:job
enthusiastically:fervently
appropriate:right
inscribe:mark
skit:satire
trap:deception
title:call
proper:courteous
countenance:stomach
nap:weave
forget:disregard
knack:flair
clue:intimation
chastise:reprove
steaming:scorching
hamstring:constrain
whirlwind:tumultuous
spryly:cheerfully
mosey:saunter
improvement:change for the better
ooze:drip
disingenuous:insincere
arraignment:allegation
contract:indenture
symbols:secret language
insensible:insensitive
Rick:injure
individual:distinctive
flummoxed:mystified
celebrations:revels
dedicated:dyed-in-the-wool
follower's:clique
deserter:absconder
hold:detain
endurance:continued existence
presume:take as read
buttonhole:waylay
falter:vacillate
temperamental:instinctive
technical:mechanical
right:actual
mushy:syrupy
qualm:apprehensiveness
warren:labyrinth
ornament's:knick-knacks
improperly:unfittingly
supervisory:managerial
unless:except
policewoman:police man
materialism:cupidity
workers:workforce
authentication:confirmation
direct:tell
lengthwise:along
missive:communiqu?
pitiless:ruthless
imprint's:hoof marks
minuscule:hardly visible
unhesitatingly:without a second thought
anyone:everyone
revamp:do up
ever:yet
equal:equate
Handy:clever
intimidated:panicky
true:dedicated
disconsolately:unhappily
loose:unchained
marked:conspicuous
deceitfulness:dishonesty
colonizer:pioneer
befall:come to pass
hectic:frenzied
lance:incise
beset:weighed down
abreast:shoulder to shoulder
wall:wall up
citation's:records
rotisserie:skewer
roil:shake
jut:extend
fortify:revive
lockout:keep off
delirious:in seventh heaven
gallantry:attentiveness
lush:flourishing
ripe:full-grown
lamb:chicken
footprints:footsteps
playfully:mischievously
regardless:nevertheless
data:numbers
intrepid:plucky
foodstuff:groceries
scintillating:stimulating
prelude:introduction
grumpily:cantankerously
venturesome:adventurous
undignified:indecorous
unprofessional:amateur
expedient:method
pithy:concise
midpoint:mean
secret:confidence
dullness:dimness
answer:riposte
indiscriminate:wholesale
inbred:inherited
skeptical:cynical
mingle:unite
honeymoon:celebratory
snowball:magnify
ounce:bit
etching:print
circuitous:oblique
unsavory:seedy
thoroughly:absolutely
fresh:airy
twirl:rotate
forbearance:tolerance
turbulence:unrest
dream:daydream
varnished:planed
congruous:in agreement
unanticipated:unforeseen
gibe:jeer
expedite:rush
retaliate:strike back
oversize:massive
home:homewards
hoaxing:falsification
legalized:lawful
unsatisfying:indecisive
domesticate:train
children:offspring
astonish:knock for six
derisory:disdainful
lineage:ancestry
significance:meaning
premeditated:intended
crackpot:not worked out
hankering:passion
quiet:no noise
upturned:upside down
squeamish:straitlaced
unambiguously:clearly
thrashing:defeat
deserter:renegade
mischief:trouble
grunt:groan
attestation:testimony
garish:brash
chisel:carve
listlessly:languidly
pessimistically:negatively
speciously:deceptively
receive:hear
meticulous:fastidious
procreate:produce offspring
demurely:bashfully
broiling:baking
certain:dependable
indirectness:indirect nature
sieve:colander
mingle:mix
adamant:fixed
wily:scheming
shadowy:sinister
thievery:robbery
pragmatism:common sense
stop:peter out
country:rural area
infiltrator:person on the inside
cutoff:disconnect
corrupted:dishonored
crackup:lose control
anywhere:where
wailing:sobbing
disfavored:broke
ingest:sip
casually:relaxed
snippy:ill-humored
tormented:under attack
hold:run
manacle's:chains
mere:meager
redemption:trade-in
material:textile
refreshment's:munchies
splendor:luxury
Branch:office
igloo:council house
jab:stab
Punch:pummel
unclothed:nude
baboon:monkey
wharf:pier
senseless:foolish
providing:as long as
ignite:light
Be:occur
upset:in a state
woof:yap
indiscreet:imprudent
communicator:talker
loneliness:aloneness
permissiveness:tolerance
dismount:alight
distraught:distressed
unthinkingly:inconsiderately
weaken:give way
imposture:pretense
tremulous:trembling
pairing:coupling
since:because
slaying:assassination
lead:go ahead
religiously:loyally
personal:individual
nagging:niggling
easily:without problems
joining:fusion
Superior:higher
foolhardiness:idiocy
agree:say yes
overtake:sweep over
useful:convenient
virtuous:righteous
chute:raceway
timeworn:overworked
affect:have an effect on
astray:off track
trust:commit
Royal:regal
disharmony:cacophony
fouled:stained
team:squad
lap:lap up
insipid:bland
match:fit
wind:bend
doorstep:access way
prized:cherished
pair:match up
torpor:inertia
entitlement:privilege
sexless:neutral
jingle:tune
dispensation:special consideration
puffiness:bunion
downgrade:relegate
unconvinced:uncertain
foreword:preamble
pothole:cave
indifference:lack of concern
refashion:modify
short:suddenly
good:profit
stand:halt
what:pardon?
corny:clich?d
court:encourage
scented:aromatic
follow:be a fan of
unknown:unheard of
predestined:destined
deceiver:liar
graze:brush
entangle:snare
surface:superficial
Small:tiny
peep:beep
ellipsis:contraction
perk:extra
drowsy:dozy
contents:inside
leisurely:unhurried
Hope:aspiration
headlong:hastily
collaborative:joint
Walker:hiker
primly:prudishly
complex:convoluted
As:such as
great:notable
getaway:place away from home
auspiciously:luckily
damper:restraint
club:private club
duel:battle
couch:phrase
languid:somnolent
settlement:colony
take:stick
grandness:grandeur
piquancy:kick
close:tight
defeatist:despairing
defector:traitor
chronic:persistent
viscous:tacky
wall:dam
readout:deliver
shady:dubious
improvisation:making it up as you go along
heterodox:dissenting
sanction:restriction
sullen:gloomy
nonessential:additional
numbness:lack of sensation
normal:usual
battleground:field
waiter:ma?tre d'
added:new
harvest:yield
haunted:anxious
welcome:jump at
heartache:despondency
frothy:bubbly
vindicate:defend
antecedent's:previous circumstances
ruddiness:redness
vendetta:hostilities
finger:pick out
tremble:shiver
misused:altered
multipurpose:versatile
coffee:brunette
mislead:lie to
crusty:grumpy
construct:piece together
massacre:butcher
airs:arrogance
deceiving:misleading
doorway:entrance
voicing:articulation
fix:rig
buzz:noise
crazed:demented
diffidently:timidly
median:norm
inept:ham-fisted
hit:strike
ashen:white as a sheet
sop:concession
baleful:spiteful
lint:fluff
pertain:concern
subject:topic
encroach:make inroads
machine:instrument
credential's:passport
luxuriate:delight in
spirit:mood
consummate:complete
snaky:windy
continue:stay
upmarket:exclusive
ail:be sick
mastermind:organizer
Short:brisk
immobilize:halt
mediation:negotiation
tribunal:hearing
shawl:wrap
offering's:contributions
Mobile:itinerant
shockingly:scandalously
tediously:wearyingly
traceable:visible
cachet:standing
depict:represent
approach:set about
fused:combined
pickings:spoils
clean:sparkling
jotting:doodle
evasive:ambiguous
hold:support
drop:shelve
Ride:be carried
delicacy:thoughtfulness
presumptuous:bold
shiver:tremble
talk:consult
garishly:flamboyantly
mugging:attack
tier:step
altered:misrepresented
Seton:terrorize
graceful:lovely
burlesque:spectacular
whirlwind:hurricane
bandage:bind up
notional:speculative
furlough:unpaid leave
addiction:need
cultured:urbane
reevaluate:go over
heroine:female protagonist
Frost:chill
unpaid:honorary
form:appearance
jot:atom
greet:reach
expense:cost
nimble:lissom
judgment:decision
tempestuous:passionate
pull:power
awkwardness:unease
agilely:smoothly
dismissive:flippant
unappealing:ugly
culpable:blameworthy
closefisted:niggardly
taunting:pointed
harm:hurt
quarrelsome:cantankerous
enormity:size
superstar:celebrity
increase:boost
baptize:christen
unsentimental:hard-edged
disagree:fight
cutting:bitter
group:sort
lumber:shamble
quarrelsome:argumentative
shredded:ragged
scented:fragranced
entitled:unconstrained
indigestible:dense
condolence's:commiseration
enchantment:charm
assure:verify
all:completely
end's:nail clippings
chronicle's:history
scant:little
cold:cool
tendency:bent
upland:moorland
unfurnished:unfitted
arriving:incoming
expel:force out
downturn:recession
graduate:rate
sensitive:responsive
devices:campaign
impeccable:immaculate
weapon:bludgeon
denseness:solidity
decree:rule
evacuate:empty
rashly:impulsively
onward:forward
clout:effectiveness
assassinate:shoot
convinced:strong
sleeplessness:restlessness
Putin:interject
developed:industrial
approach:manage
legwork:labor
slantwise:slantways
impression:dimple
veto:refusal
flatten:roll out
bulwark:fortification
erudite:literary
criticize:critique
automobile:sports car
alone:unaccompanied
association:organization
garment's:wear
spruce:trim
dreamy:wistful
fight:engage in battle
candor:frankness
dramatize:produce
willpower:strength of will
bode:promise
God:divinity
dreariness:tedium
ever:increasingly
flap:fluster
collaborator:turncoat
stench:stink
former:previous
beatific:innocent
blushing:shy
trim:border
plodding:slow
installment:repayment
finish:ending
truss:tie up
dissolve:end
guzzle:get through
basic:plain
frame:trap
intend:anticipate
excuse:tolerate
uncharacteristic:unexpected
bait:goad
image:appearance
identifiable:specialized
sponger:scrounger
scene:panorama
chasm:break
stab:puncture
burlesque:variety show
closely:tightly
vividly:garishly
trimming:adornment
unscheduled:impulsive
follow:check on
mishandle:mess up
coolly:unperturbedly
party:gathering
smallest:nominal
situation:position
identical:the same
easily:clearly
fracas:fight
dozing:sleepy
seeking:on the lookout for
impenetrably:inconceivably
vestibule:foyer
pillage:despoil
hastily:rashly
paw:appendage
ID:credentials
pitiless:callous
premeditated:studied
inert:indolent
fall:tumble
ramparts:stockade
slack:baggy
rubbing:chafing
hallmark:quality
events:procedures
persona:character
disdain:scorn
defraud:trick
seize:grab
dawdler:shirker
strictness:meticulousness
undamaged:intact
prestigious:prominent
consolidate:unite
cost:charge
pain:sorrow
faraway:far-flung
inconclusive:questionable
mosaic:assortment
sense:logic
undertone:tinge
lengthened:lingering
place:set
pilfer:make off with
remorselessly:mercilessly
magic:charm
detention:locking up
expounding:illuminating
feline:catlike
Lie's:fabrication
kindergarten:nursery
act:doing
sanctified:blessed
penitently:ruefully
fire:ardor
translate:convert
news:news flash
alight:in flames
invariable:uniform
attrition:eating away
subsistence:continuation
repudiate:not accept
grudging:rancorous
Providence:luck
regretfully:disappointedly
way:sense
callously:pitilessly
premier:primary
unkind:horrid
rejuvenate:invigorate
unrefined:unprocessed
locality:region
sedated:knocked out
flash:show
relate:speak about
lingo:speech
defacement:mutilation
billboard:personal ad
dilapidation:disrepair
various:a mixture of
presumption:front
reclaimed:disciplined
Cd:disc
fount:source
enterprising:innovative
cavort:caper
seamy:seedy
bedazzled:amazed
predictability:obviousness
green:jade
shaving:shred
hangout:associate
trim:shapely
wall:coop up
discussions:pondering
complacency:contentment
repress:overpower
bright:upbeat
completely:from top to bottom
equal:match
eternally:forever
riverside:bank
well:satisfactory
diminish:weaken
purchasable:for sale
rain:flood
Singer's:chorale
uneven:jagged
regular:steady
catchy:memorable
prearranged:agreed
make:bake
loutish:coarse
beggar:hobo
unpalatable:hard to swallow
frigidly:grimly
improper:criminal
blinking:sporadic
murmur:mumble
laughable:absurd
kidnapper:hostage taker
fallow:uncreative
Love:be fond of
culturally:ethnically
achieve:do
thing:business
sophisticated:complicated
cuff:blow
sense's:mind
deliver:provide
cutup:mince
grimly:shockingly
unexciting:dull
disdain:contempt
unfortunate:disastrous
peak:reach your zenith
boy:son
consign:pack off
proportion's:extent
atypical:uncharacteristic
father:member of the clergy
ode:sonnet
elevating:inspirational
diplomat:military attach?
honest:honorable
desiccate:dry
reprieve:pardon
ambition:desire
patronage:support
astern:backward
pubescent:youthful
commerce:retail
transmutation:transformation
blazing:raging
cause:instigate
picture:photo
rediscover:remember
slumbering:sound asleep
yen:craving
obtain:attain
Sally:sortie
unashamed:barefaced
cyclical:cyclic
liquefied:liquid
terseness:abruptness
subside:settle down
proviso:disclaimer
unscheduled:spontaneous
motion:signal
stately:distinguished
depravity:evil
anew:an additional
regal:ceremonial
stressful:hectic
steaming:torrid
stain:blot
sharp:precisely
duo:set of two
difficult:challenging
immaturity:pettiness
cloudy:muddy
hieroglyphic:cartouche
diversion:pastime
adherent:advocate
perfect:just the thing
quarter:split up
staunch:faithful
precinct:precincts
relocate:change place
gremlin:malfunction
carbuncle:boil
grouchiness:moodiness
cling:hug
fen:quagmire
exquisitely:deftly
craziness:foolishness
paucity:scarceness
thunderstruck:astounded
cut:chop
cord:lead
discriminatory:unfair
properly:as it should be
surveillance:investigation
deception:dishonesty
circumscribe:limit
screen:broadcast
joggle:shake
unsteady:erratic
extra:added
knobby:distorted
spring:flexibility
underwater:marine
doze:sleep
definite:convinced
pall:go sour
handsome:sizable
widespread:pervasive
lore:knowledge
humanitarian:civilized
capsize:tip over
accreditation:endorsement
previously:in the past
helping:portion
path:alleyway
rig:derrick
earnestness:sincerity
extrasensory:mystic
tenets:belief
settlement:town
wideness:span
happening's:goings-on
race:run
circumspection:caution
foster:further
photocopying:copying
sunstroke:thirst
lawful:permissible
tableware:plates
impasse:deadlock
rough:ballpark
finally:at long last
richly:abundantly
seaboard:coastline
pull:magnetism
obscure:obfuscate
eloquently:powerfully
shrink:contract
insular:narrow
elating:exhilarating
resolute:unbendable
sentimentality:schmaltziness
unnoticed:without being seen
vagabond:vagrant
brighten:add to
speak:articulate
tattered:threadbare
worldly:mature
uninspiring:undistinguished
weave:stagger
selection:variety
odor:whiff
release:announcement
sell:promote
reflection:rumination
outstrip:outdo
knit:tie
doormat:carpet
awake:wakeful
dying:closing
yummy:delicious
joy:ecstasy
forthcoming:ready
revered:admired
craze:trend
purely:decently
intend:be going to
real:genuine
marked:clear
sailboat:dinghy
pepper:sprinkle
flattering:toadying
anachronistic:old-fashioned
deprivation:lack
gravely:badly
stratagem:ruse
tinny:ringing
iffy:uncertain
wrong:wound
ironically:mockingly
pretense:pretentiousness
entitlement:power
airiness:breeziness
deferential:polite
lurid:loud
indispensably:essentially
dream:pipe dream
machine:contraption
iniquitous:evil
compute:subtract
caked:layered
separate:split
revels:revelry
perseverance:firmness
reproachfully:wearily
have:receive
plant:place in the ground
national:state
assent:sanction
diversion:distraction
perpetrate:do
organization:society
loosen:come undone
baloney:garbage
accepting:compliant
paradoxically:funnily enough
flagpole:mast
unflinchingly:audaciously
shaved:smooth on top
compatible:well-matched
irresistible:overwhelming
campaign:drive
flogging:whipping
bleary:fuzzy
pestering:aggravation
Truth:integrity
brouhaha:brawl
considerably:to a great extent
sullen:dark
proxy:stand-in
swellheaded:vain
retailing:selling
ineligibility:exclusion
quarter:lodge
unnerve:demoralize
uninitiated:amateur
lighten:lift
warder:warden
incurably:insuppressibly
genealogy:descent
stupefy:surprise
craw:esophagus
conqueror:defeater
lacerate:cut
fiercely:violently
Riddle:puncture
spryness:gaiety
dogfight:raid
twinkle:flicker
grand:majestic
fanatically:keenly
schema:representation
virtue:high merit
decadently:wastefully
back:in exchange
perplex:bewilder
intransigent:obstinate
rhetoric:oratory
affiliation:association
departing:desertion
second:jiffy
ornamentation:decoration
outsize:full-size
buoy:lift
lift:pinch
perfectly:absolutely
Machiavellian:sneaky
unfeelingly:insensitively
service:examine
unstressed:worry-free
visit:stay
elevating:uplifting
Cliff:overhang
judge:give your decision
irascible:short-tempered
informed:clued-up
parasite:scrounger
trouble:bother
stranglehold:strong hold
streetwise:astute
measurably:demonstrably
shenanigans:trouble
stone:pit
liberally:copiously
pillow:protect
avert:avoid
teaser:tough one
peel:unpeel
suddenness:speed
revive:perk up
detachment:indifference
must:should
sandpaper:smooth
imprint:dint
move:redeploy
maw:oral cavity
unforgivable:inexcusable
amongst:between
erasure:scoring through
organize:classify
loathed:despised
root's:family tree
judiciousness:sense
shabbily:in tatters
headquarters:center of operations
obesity:tubbiness
slanderous:libelous
rug:runner
hit:bump into
prejudicial:damaging
tizzy:panic
sidewalk:footway
geometric:numerical
paving:pavestone
stand:dais
creation:design
embossed:marked
failure:crash
tailgate:be on the heels of
bulbous:rounded
lay:arrange
hesitantly:cautiously
bedspread:cover
worthily:laudably
partnered:combined
irritant:annoyance
medal:award
oval:egg-shaped
agonizingly:distressingly
irreversible:irreparable
study:survey
place:space
allotted:agreed
riposte:retort
continuance:prolongation
protestation:pronouncement
deepen:dig out
planning:setting up
cracker's:nuts
mucky:muddy
goodwill:generosity
clairvoyant:telepathist
productively:busily
bushes:underbrush
expressive:indicating
Lie:be placed
impulsively:precipitately
emblazon:portray
chaotically:violently
manslaughter:contract killing
take:rent
pair:twosome
armament's:weaponry
detained:in custody
interchange:exchange
wannabe:would-be
equal:on a plane
contraction:tic
morass:jungle
pep:verve
Rich:fatty
lock's:mane
futon:settee
gall:irritate
undisclosed:unidentified
demonstrable:evident
meander:curve
wag:wiggle
touchstone:standard
charismatic:alluring
bethought:be supposed
wilt:go limp
view:feel about
huff:puff
nutritional:dietary
plumpness:tubbiness
drink:pick-me-up
program:predetermine
idol:star
swiftly:quickly
semicircle:half moon
Stern:austere
rooms:accommodation
disturbances:conflict
tardily:late
spread:coverage
over:above
announce:reveal
dank:damp
tribulation:problem
opposing:hostile
heed:pay attention to
exercise:put into effect
hoodwink:dupe
material:background
finale:end
sidestep:fail to deal with
splutter:fume
unmask:lay bare
blinking:broken
surprise:render speechless
seagoing:seaworthy
crabby:tetchy
with:and
pail:bucket
snippy:sulky
symbol:sign
poach:steal
attack:assault
thrill:joy
matter:worry
about:in this area
derisory:contemptuous
agitate:disquiet
limit's:confines
fatally:seriously
wearisome:trying
sterilizer:bactericide
raise:heave
stain:blot
canker:plague
formidable:awesome
engagements:whereabouts
boob:mistake
economy:cost-cutting measure
waywardly:rebelliously
crow:brag
dictionary:word list
shimmer:glitter
edited:abridged
prescriptive:dictatorial
comment:statement
town:urban
tussle:struggle
timeliness:suitability
slinky:graceful
aspire:wish
sinfulness:impiety
hit:bash into
head:chief
nervy:scared
increase:increase in intensity
hit:come to
preserve:sustain
form:develop
offense:sin
soaking:wringing wet
seesaw:swing
part:slice
boast:sing your own praises
die:go down
relate:report
Buffalo:bully
Cage:coop up
streamline:restructure
teaching:thinking
install:bed in
residue:scum
natural:physical
town:settlement
misinformation:propaganda
aside:tangent
peevishly:irritably
weaken:subside
loin:haunch
igloo:detached house
local:restricted
attack:act of violence
topmost:top
refer:pass on
advantage:pro
emasculate:render impotent
incorrigible:habitual
businesswoman:capitalist
carefully:judiciously
eloquent:powerful
hunch:guess
preciseness:fussiness
well:greatly
insignificantly:immaterially
pickup:understand
harassment:annoyance
mystify:stymie
uniformity:evenness
join:fasten together
earlier:before
offhandedly:thoughtlessly
Bud:shoot
elector:member of the electorate
poor:feeble
wrinkled:wrinkly
alone:single-handedly
alley:passage
study:analyze
weakly:feebly
embarrassing:uncomfortable
wall:side
favorably:advantageously
survive:continue to exist
luminously:shiningly
banded:lined
transplant:remove
edge:frame
rejoicing:delight
confederate:colleague
reorganized:well-run
shell's:ammo
use:management
sewer:drain
clement:temperate
languidly:droopily
tremulous:unsteady
flagrantly:unashamedly
imperishable:everlasting
infidelity:faithlessness
overthrow:conquer
dribble:trickle
operate:run
thoroughgoing:thorough
garnish:beautify
beastly:foul
suppose:what if
fill:charge
bisect:cleave
succinctness:terseness
embarrassing:thwarting
proscribe:forbid
unrelentingly:unremittingly
reason:rationalize
gamble:wager
linguist:polyglot
shady:suspicious
credibly:realistically
clasp:popper
break:crack
cracker's:crazy
camel:buff
tempestuous:turbulent
grease:oil
bounded:hemmed in
Love:care for
flay:pillory
tumbling:dipping
speak:converse in
vainly:ineffectively
cleanse:rinse out
qualms:reservations
attenuate:assuage
robustness:stoutness
cherish:esteem
Ham:pork
pesky:horrible
poem's:verse
farthest:extreme
strangle:smother
plait:ponytail
homespun:down-to-earth
baldness:hair loss
hard:vigorously
restore:refurbish
use:mistreat
Head:precede
archdiocese:see
standby:substitute
leggy:gangling
occupied:subject
faster:sooner
interval:break
unerring:spot on
component:constituent
flock:congregate
connubial:matrimonial
rectory:residence
unflinching:stanch
tumbledown:take a fall
adroitly:nimbly
mottled:dappled
apart:spaced out
taking:enchanting
superficiality:tawdriness
slack:unprofessional
soft:faint
astutely:wisely
moral:lesson
soundly:deeply
tell:blab
shyness:nervousness
child:teen
administration:handing out
enticing:tantalizing
occupy:amuse
deluxe:exclusive
disastrously:catastrophically
ammo:missiles
strongly:fiercely
adjacently:to the side of
relationship:bond
harebrained:unbalanced
farm:plow
idol:god
proportioned:balanced
impropriety:bad taste
rifle:scour through
displeasing:offensive
passerby:casual observer
susceptibility:defenselessness
spend:splurge
seamless:faultless
inbred:deep-seated
freaky:unusual
hustle:bundle
shadowy:ethereal
buffed:glossed
embroidery:needlework
morale:drive
train:chain
want:famine
beginning:activation
emancipated:unbound
pillory:heap scorn on
horses:livestock
unspeakably:horrendously
compatible:well-suited
emaciated:gaunt
prominence:standing
whitewash:loss
high:penetrating
melange:mix
characters:lettering
frail:spindly
unit:component
assured:guaranteed
woolgathering:carelessness
assured:self-possessed
divorce:detach
greediness:greed
mass:collection
gush:stream
dehydrate:desiccate
Justice:validity
uncouth:impolite
identify:isolate
gearshift:wheel
dampness:humidity
stature:reputation
thin:shrill
pompously:arrogantly
hysteric's:frenzy
inscription:message
catch:become aware of
untaught:untrained
will:force
swipe:whack
perseverance:insistence
descent:lineage
alarm:fright
spokeswoman:spokesman
buttonhole:confront
wan:pale
intimation:inkling
ban:injunction
rig:fix
Hunt:expedition
jerky:jumpy
mutilate:spoil
nonpartisan:external
telecast:transmit
mite:tick
distrust:disbelieve
ineffectual:inadequate
insightful:perceptive
wearing:taxing
trace:follow
visualize:see in your mind's eye
repercussion:implication
furtively:slyly
snobbish:high and mighty
Short:passing
fearfulness:terror
Case:commission
glutton:epicure
sear:scorch
dietary:food
darkly:with intent
plentifully:amply
picky:finicky
van:forefront
thrilling:awe-inspiring
progress:improve
inexpensive:easy on the pocket
spot's:acne
downbeat:modest
jar:pot
debased:violated
showiness:show
palate:liking
acclaim:approval
restiveness:restlessness
indelicately:impolitely
proficient:adept
solecism:gaffe
Crux:bottom
whitewashed:trounced
temperamental:explosive
revive:renew
injurious:deleterious
emperor:sovereign
shoddy:poor
secluded:private
plinth:stand
pondering:brooding
sensational:thrilling
shortfall:deficit
bamboozle:bemuse
unconsidered:imprudent
softly:quietly
cogently:persuasively
detracting:contemptuous
denseness:evenness
distressingly:terrifyingly
ill:hardly
wonderful:great
slight:small
hide:pigskin
nonchalance:disinterest
backdrop:stage set
grit:gnash
aim:intend
unbending:obdurate
ecstasy:state
prowl:lurk
towering:soaring
augmented:bigger
underscore:give emphasis to
forcefulness:cogency
tenderly:lovingly
corruptness:dishonesty
eviscerate:disembowel
chasten:correct
restock:top off
take:purloin
branch:split
number:quantity
majestic:regal
unintelligibly:inarticulately
pass:accept
snub:rejection
gadget:thingamabob
staccato:disjointed
events:trial
giddily:laughingly
offer:bid
vividness:lucidity
smugness:arrogance
jittery:a bundle of nerves
habitual:normal
disagreeable:contrary
tactfully:delicately
indignantly:huffily
dissect:dismember
hieroglyphic:symbol
distribute:disperse
senselessness:ridiculousness
hair:fleece
bear:assume
water:irrigate
gouge:scratch
memorial:monument
demonstrative:loving
frizzy:frizzed
indisputably:certainly
greedily:stingily
regretfully:mournfully
brokenhearted:despairing
homogeneous:consistent
many:numerous
end's:locks of hair
university:campus
bar:inn
during:for the period of
illicit:against the law
stylish:chic
inopportune:mistimed
rehabilitation:healing
gullibility:credulity
good:moral
rile:irk
nonexistence:fantasy
pillar:support
starkly:basically
humorless:unsmiling
transferal:swing
inert:immobile
plank:flat timber
slump:depression
rustle:crackle
sponge:mop
labor:industry
vandalize:deface
rumored:said
plug:advertisement
environmentalist:conservationist
obtrusive:presumptuous
administrator:manager
grumbling:touchy
staggeringly:marvelously
Lanai:veranda
whopper:story
zaniness:craziness
holding's:fortune
bug:listening device
shift:move
penetration:saturation
pursuer:tail
recollections:memories
expanse:stretch
Angel:cherub
haunt:frequent
fiendish:wicked
igloo:accommodation
quadrilateral:four-sided figure
wind:current of air
persuasive:swaying
trample:crush
cultivate:work on
math:mathematics
fatherhood:motherhood
squalor:filth
superior:enhanced
Creation:universe
busy:in demand
plenty:profusion
among:with
ticket:travel document
disputation:controversy
congenital:innate
dissemination:distribution
minimize:curtail
shortcoming:fault
outsize:king-size
enactment:acting out
inclement:foul
basic:principal
blaze:intensity
chassis:framework
Bud:grow
hiatus:time away
shortest:direct
rally:get better
decree:ruling
bear:give birth to
room:opportunity
relative:relation
disparage:vilify
Dusty:sandy
gulch:chasm
criticism:evaluation
trashy:tacky
spotted:patterned
magic:magical
azure:cerulean
agree:harmonize
surprise:burst in on
restfulness:sleep
overture:approach
distribute:spread out
boisterous:noisy
loaded:laden
strap:tie
link:network
terrorize:intimidate
unkindness:callousness
deleterious:harmful
fellowship:club
dexterity:ingenuity
turncoat:spy
exactness:accuracy
movie:picture
national:state
sprinkled:spread
inferno:conflagration
clandestine:illegal
coffer's:reserves
quietude:tranquillity
notary:brief
merchandise:produce
ordinary:usual
fade:diminish
trivializing:unconcerned
despoil:defile
detention:custody
torment:nuisance
skylight:glass
rickety:shaky
vampire:tick
remark:state
distinction:peculiarity
cautiously:vigilantly
outlay:lay out
forgery:falsification
zest:tang
minion:favorite
interlink:connect
meager:measly
malodorous:scented
degree:level
puncture:stab
misspent:idle
necessity:requisite
serpentine:roundabout
canon:norm
froth:to become foamy
spirit:fortitude
bombastic:long-winded
creation:formation
bar:tavern
squabble:argue
jealously:covetously
courtier:aristocrat
take:have an effect
sprite:dryad
flounce:prance
blackout:curfew
Truth:dedication
fiesta:carnival
unwell:poorly
adaptability:malleability
finish:bring to an end
tutoring:coaching
nook:alcove
disjointed:disorganized
gentleness:peacefulness
jeer:contemptuous shout
drone:whine
bridle:get your hackles up
unsparing:magnanimous
chime:peal
condescending:arrogant
sightseer:tourist
embellished:embroidered
totally:perfectly
passable:sufficient
string:rope
lengthened:extended
Wall:fence
squint:peek
Petty:insignificant
claim:accusation
difficult:thorny
replete:full
flightiness:capriciousness
coop:cooperative
inviting:alluring
effectual:powerful
blistering:sweltering
chemical:element
Mass:accumulation
terrifically:tremendously
rashness:recklessness
hector:push around
disturbances:turbulence
connected:linked
shielding:defensive
perilously:extremely
inopportune:badly timed
court's:magistrates
dispatch:notice
broil:brawl
faraway:distant
chalky:crumbly
discomfiting:unsettling
humdrum:routine
handiwork:achievement
predetermined:determined
dithering:of two minds
dependably:unvaryingly
stand:last
ensnared:fascinated
decent:polite
castigate:haul over the coals
multiplicity:diversity
calculate:work out
preconceived:predetermined
divide:apportion
sprinkling:sprinkle
classically:characteristically
fantastically:dreadfully
guiltless:blameless
convoluted:difficult
disloyalty:treachery
persuasive:convincing
giving:philanthropic
hot:spicy
sleazy:immoral
glibly:convincingly
fast:rapidly
Wash:clean
impure:unclean
offensiveness:rudeness
point:peak
organize:put in order
succeed:be successful
draw:pull
differently:in a different way
saturation:dispersion
heat:section
rumored:whispered
charlatan:quack
joviality:cheerfulness
clangor:din
say:answer
written:printed
specifics:data
taciturn:distant
queasy:uncomfortable
unilateral:independent
subsidize:support financially
legalized:official
design:create
beleaguer:bother
uncommitted:casual
Urban:built-up
reversal:about face
cohesive:solid
aft:at the rear
counterfeit:simulate
undersized:feeble
knowledgeable:erudite
immeasurably:inestimably
bank:heap
sifter:sieve
affirmed:acknowledged
Gray:depressing
wailing:weeping
titter:snicker
collegiate:unworldly
divinity:mysticism
steamy:cloudy
strongly:sharply
imitative:derivative
Tell:notify
dabbler:dilettante
immutable:unchallengeable
abstractedly:distantly
unwariness:na?vet?
screening:vetting
docile:obedient
innocent:blameless
issue:deliver
light:set alight
biologically:in nature
inauguration:installation
toil:slog
capitulation:submission
observant:perceptive
awl:borer
expiation:punishment
throatily:thickly
parallelogram:lozenge
sturdily:securely
quite:rather
antagonism:resentment
legation:group
presuppose:presume
cogent:well-argued
ravage:lay waste
lettering:words
unprintable:shocking
forswear:abjure
valiant:heroic
assassin:killer
beggar:tramp
preside:keep control
chip:break off
snide:mean
impudence:presumption
commercial:advertisement
adventurer:entrepreneur
ingress:entrance
invincible:impregnable
envision:imagine
cooperatively:agreeably
mischievous:malign
uncertainly:timidly
wring:compress
unscathed:safe
argot:jargon
anterior:front
trinket's:ornaments
finally:to end with
yawning:cavernous
blueprint:outline
laudatory:sycophantic
addendum:P.S.
warmly:sincerely
in:inwards
conference:union
viciously:sadistically
Hope:expect
warmly:amiably
frugality:prudence
fruition:realization
unlawful:prohibited
need:must
nonsensical:stupid
relationship's:relations
balustrade:barrier
near:in the neighborhood
elucidation:revelation
forward:to the fore
gel:coagulate
undertone:suggestion
combatant:soldier
jumbo:extra-large
oblong:parallelogram
insist:persevere
put:plunk
equivocate:fudge
amulet:good luck charm
choreography:direction
physical:natural
custody:keeping
hit:slap
mutton:ham
edible:fit for human consumption
girl:youngster
enthralling:action-packed
relevance:importance
greater:bigger
daintily:deftly
Pat:perfectly
sturdily:solidly
grate:annoy
attractive:fascinating
independent:free
excretion:seepage
legality:authenticity
catch:crash into
buzz:drone
buttress:hold up
stolid:impassive
drooping:sagging
coming:emergence
divorce:separation
embracing:taking up
intercede:plead
taper:reduction
capacity:post
lengthened:delayed
respite:delay
hope:look-in
suspect:be suspicious of
tramp:trail
anachronistic:obsolescent
wits:mind
kinfolk:band
habitual:addicted
inactive:deskbound
typo:mistake
legal:officially permitted
delay:shelve
instructions:directions
concomitant:attendant
Orient:become conversant with
quite:relatively
acclimate:accustom yourself
undermining:deflation
storybook:mythical
appeal:ask
worthy:creditable
lengthily:at length
disconcerted:unsettled
rift:split
unworthy:disgraceful
hoarse:gravelly
boater:sun-hat
tersely:curtly
solely:only
defender:supporter
summit:zenith
novel:new
show:give you an idea about
imprisonment:putting away
overlie:superimpose
delicately:deftly
jurisdiction:province
hobgoblin:elf
reader:person who reads
objectionably:unattractively
furnishings:equipment
draft:summary
Gamble:bet
bikini:trunks
drink:gulp
unworthy:not fit for
crevice:cranny
unmarked:safe
patio:yard
diminutive:pocket-sized
appetite:inclination
fib:untruth
impediment:holdup
chronically:unceasingly
alias:nom de plume
distillation:refining
grieve:hurt
find:catch
favor:give preferentiality to
heart:concern
paradoxically:absurdly
somber:grave
regret:guilt
stick:fuse
unkindly:heartlessly
imagine:presume
decibel's:noise
stink:hum
strange:remarkable
lightened:blanched
indoctrination:instruction
field:line of work
record:top
conventionality:traditional values
lazybones:idler
vehemently:strongly
wrongness:unfairness
pep:activeness
bragger:spoilt brat
disruptive:disturbing
unreasonable:irrational
cower:shy away
persuasively:influentially
parasite:freeloader
unsubstantiated:unconfirmed
responsible:reliable
impart:teach
egoistic:self-centered
forgetfulness:lack of memory
deprecation:contempt
ringleader:inciter
Hope:possibility
troublesome:worrying
scruple's:conscience
Swift:rapid
sincerity:naturalness
come:show your face
furious:livid
pull:pluck
astronomical:solar
dogmatist:extremist
plume:spiral
escalate:accelerate
facetious:teasing
tie:strap
adjoin:link up
shortsighted:thoughtless
riddle:puncture
kind:considerate
BASIC:principal
Case:circumstances
equivalence:similarity
approved:official
crank:unusual person
durable:long-lasting
obtuse:dull-witted
sanctioned:allowed
redeem:exchange
alarm:danger signal
utterly:outright
handsome:attractive
detachment:impassiveness
uneven:disproportionate
blockbuster:chartbuster
rife:extensive
abutting:adjoining
gather:get to know
smudge:blur
orderly:neat
bashful:timid
live:reside
exile:tax exile
involuntary:reflex
regulation:supervision
tend:be likely
charge:blame
bit:fragment
macabre:ghastly
bombast:bluster
fan:encourage
mainly:chiefly
tedious:uninteresting
attribution:provenance
flag:highlight
babe:sugar
yarn:anecdote
remnant's:miscellany
languish:decay
Head:start
scrape:graze
slowdown:hold back
sound:resonance
Holiday:festival
meticulous:exact
live:survive
cog's:device
unwanted:superfluous
denigration:scorn
unequivocally:unmistakably
arouse:stimulate
always:for all time
couch:put
roominess:spaciousness
intrigue:scheme
rehash:rework
change:coins
cry:yell
poor:unfortunate
manage:supervise
muffle:silence
peephole:knothole
show:put on view
atoll:coral reef
lifetime:life span
bravely:stanchly
rudiment:seed
pay:give
preponderate:dominate
scrapbook:wedding album
wind:blustery weather
hold:persist
force:pry open
handle:lever
Bond:acquaintance
lockup:put in jail
miniature:minuscule
stalwart:hefty
unoriginal:uninspired
awe:fearfulness
middling:modest
culture:sophistication
adroit:competent
amendable:flexible
discoloration:mark
net:grid
sparkling:luminous
Lean:incline
reduction:cut
restiveness:agitation
babe:baby
squirt:shot
procrastinate:put off
choreograph:design
insufficiency:lack
course:classes
filling:big
fretfully:petulantly
dispassionate:unflustered
play:cooperate
fleeting:brief
propagation:transmission
disreputably:dishonestly
occupy:fill
vibrant:bubbly
alternative:choice
uncharted:unfamiliar
vocalization's:vernacular
place:leave
punctually:on the dot
merriment:fun
taking:captivating
cell:small room
acknowledgment:answer
hold:restrain
doubt:suspect
perpendicular:at right angles
underhandedly:deceitfully
diplomat:mediator
reconciling:reunion
reviled:unloved
promenade:saunter
uneventful:nothing to write home about
distraction:amusement
turmoil:mayhem
designed:intended
fetching:good-looking
vegetate:loaf
exhilarated:overjoyed
privation:deprivation
strand:wisp
rampantly:profusely
now:at present
publicize:make public
handspring:flip
dividend:bonus
donor:patron
jeering:derision
powerful:controlling
burlesque:lampoon
juicer:liquidizer
mismanage:mishandle
Love:be keen on
lounge:laze
disheveled:messy
nursing:nurture
doing's:deeds
vibes:feelings
disinfect:sanitize
satisfy:persuade
treachery:betrayal
comparison:association
wail:yowl
putrefied:corroded
knock:slam
shield:shelter
technique:performance
signification:meaning
win:attain
discomfit:make ashamed
titled:aristocratic
withering:contemptuous
accompaniment:accessory
identical:impossible to tell apart
fix:set a date for
tastelessly:commonly
bloated:puffy
stylish:modish
plenteous:overflowing
edifice:shop
limerick:couplet
gross:uncivilized
vulgar:brassy
piece:section
obstruction:hindrance
chasm:gorge
accumulation:hoard
pompousness:vanity
scoffs:derision
damaged:smashed
carry:cart
tartness:acidity
eeriness:eccentricity
payload:goods
babble:chatter
develop:refurbish
slant:diagonal
civilly:politely
injudicious:careless
virtually:nigh on
coop:collective
modernized:restructured
figuratively:allegorically
directions:information
moodiness:moroseness
sleeve:skin
television:box
seasoned:weathered
discontentment:disapproval
incineration:ignition
preoccupied:anxious
redolent:stinking
mediate:arbitrate
discourtesy:rudeness
fumble:error
running:in succession
reorder:shuffle
adhesive:gum
obdurately:implacably
uneven:unbalanced
towel:soak up
determining:influential
splotch:mark
regardless:no matter what
none:not any
backhanded:oblique
demoralize:dishearten
resound:echo
underling:page
foiling:defeat
purveyor:vendor
mildewed:rank
warren:maze
reverse:contrary
decency:affability
desegregate:merge
pardonable:justifiable
poignant:distressing
irrepressible:disobedient
highly:very well
conveying:passing on
meanly:squalidly
push:urge
Battle:fight
counteract:thwart
unnumbered:unidentified
vex:bother
sycophantic:kowtowing
quirk:whim
billow:flutter
informality:relaxed attitude
emboss:make fancy
subdued:low
hilltop:crest
untidiness:disorder
rattletrap:jalopy
true:loyal
loose:roomy
fling:pitch
itemization:dissection
root:search
Ill:cruelly
shimmering:flickering
keenness:intensity
purpose:single-mindedness
allied:similar
revived:recharged
cemented:paved
monotony:boredom
outstretched:stretched
Case:occurrence
watercolor:picture
frequent:spend time at
replace:put back
oddity:rarity
cherry:red
exclude:leave out
Sharp:astute
stupidly:unthinkingly
squalid:immoral
police:regulate
wideness:width
ceasefire:armistice
loose:supple
suspicion:wariness
sound:thoroughgoing
bar:excluding
prohibitive:high-priced
unambiguously:unequivocally
interweave:interlink
expect:assume
outpouring:deluge
restfully:relaxingly
hem:put a hem on
suggestion:indication
created:shaped
shame:dishonor
elegy:dirge
hotly:strongly
seek:hunt for
thud:dull sound
wash:bath
nightie:nightdress
royals:monarchs
distributor:machine
jailer:guard
bulletin:official statement
discourage:dispirit
infertile:unfruitful
start:outset
transact:deal with
androgynous:sexless
wordy:rambling
proxy:replacement
standards:values
politesse:correctness
inhuman:merciless
chill:anxiety
erudite:intellectual
barricade:obstacle
ways:customs
commandeering:capture
name:person's name
habit's:practice
Branch:domain
adored:recognized
successfully:effectively
rarefied:profound
knowingly:deliberately
strand:abandon
subordinate:minor
inexperience:ingenuousness
government:rule
attack:condemnation
foxhole:furrow
faze:disconcert
browbeaten:subjugated
nightgown:night clothes
loyalist:stalwart
disdainful:contemptuous
nattily:elegantly
recuperating:on the road to recovery
catching:communicable
fertile:rich
wallop:bash
undisturbed:free from anxiety
eventually:in time
convincing:resounding
airing:outing
chronic:habitual
desired:pet
firsthand:actual
unfathomable:inexplicable
posturing:pretentiousness
disquiet:uneasiness
spasmodic:intermittent
hometown:motherland
nakedly:plainly
swathe:envelop
homage:reverence
touchy:easily upset
eyewitness:witness
start:open
grouchy:irritable
weed:wild flower
indescribably:unspeakably
saying:proverb
reel:stagger
evidence:mark
unvoiced:voiceless
befoul:pollute
shoot:fire
adulterous:two-timing
insightful:intuitive
plain:bare
knapsack:shoulder bag
disarming:captivating
magnet:pull
grownup:full-fledged
jaunty:jolly
burlesque:caricature
murmur:talk softly
sure:certainly
lumber:hobble
tint:trace
fancy:hope
forte:specialty
intemperance:excess
hedonism:self-indulgence
separate:take apart
impartially:evenhandedly
unsuitably:incorrectly
astral:planetary
staunchly:steadfastly
support:carry
chain:shackle
amorously:devotedly
neatness:trimness
far:far away
slumped:flaccid
doubtful:debatable
vividness:radiance
Sharp:clever
fantastically:enormously
heavy:serious
organize:fix
apostle:missionary
quaintly:charmingly
hole:flaw
fault:blame
presumptuous:conceited
enjoy:have the benefit of
Lie:laze
adroitly:ably
underwrite:support
file:dossier
resistant:challenging
snobby:stuck-up
nature:kind
showiness:ostentation
elect:choose
build:put up
denunciation:censure
paramount:chief
easiness:broadmindedness
plumb:completely
uttermost:furthermost
quarter:section
spangle:bead
professional:skilled
idea:outline
method:system
accouterments:accessories
vivacious:cheerful
officer:executive
disband:separate
sum's:math
habitation:tenancy
catch:hook
victorious:conquering
Pat:tap
dowdy:dreary
almighty:huge
exertion:physical exertion
share:go halves
amicability:cordiality
curtness:harshness
taut:inflexible
vibrant:flamboyant
naturally:as you would expect
basic:rudimentary
blacktop:runway
count:calculation
suspenseful:thrilling
abusively:indecently
unpalatable:distasteful
practice:way
boisterousness:rowdiness
pulverized:ground
suntan:tan
refuse:rebuff
buoyant:lighthearted
start:begin
interpose:butt in
groundbreaking:pioneering
unplanned:spur-of-the-moment
incline:lean
patter:prattle
clever:gifted
balance:what's left
imprudence:credulity
snub:give the brush-off
speak:verbalize
aggrieved:pained
sparkling:dazzling
service:help
unrelenting:pitiless
sap:liquid
retreating:receding
whitish:pasty
dumbfounded:speechless
wither:fade
destitution:insolvency
aggravated:provoked
veil:cloak
catch:get stuck
total:equal
unerring:infallible
unchecked:unhindered
misunderstanding:mistake
chronic:never-ending
penetrate:make a way into
pipe:twitter
calumny:defamation
bug:mistake
circumstances:position
jerkily:incoherently
sardonically:scornfully
misdeed:error
sketchy:hazy
adversity:danger
effigy:carving
rupture:opening
active:full of zip
wellspring:spring
docility:submissiveness
rise:elevation
diaphanous:filmy
we'll:perfectly
breaker:tidal wave
percolate:ooze
climber:rock climber
hunt:follow
respect:esteem
opposed:opposite
prosaic:mundane
unassailable:unbeatable
tax:levy
alienated:estranged
jumbo:massive
ripe:grown
break:respite
alias:pen name
hamper:shackle
crudity:rudeness
sludge:mud
lots:oodles
prevented:vetoed
stiffen:reinforce
dropout:abandon
purpose:aim
colored:highlighted
suit:agree with
platonic:friendly
sham:charlatan
last:final
collaborator:coworker
heedlessness:inattention
renewal:restoration
incisively:shrewdly
adversity:difficulty
respectfully:civilly
dupe:fool
oblong:rhombus
merchant:business
fit:ready
scramble:rush
sanely:rationally
motherland:mother country
portent:presage
madcap:wild
instep:keeping up
team:party
requirement:condition
watch:keep under observation
design:propose
primeval:primitive
wretchedly:piteously
indelicacy:unseemliness
shred:tear up
marrow:spirit
dissoluteness:indulgence
gawky:gangly
figment:illusion
defile:pollute
charlatan:counterfeit
tired:drowsy
home:household
Tell:reveal
racially:culturally
trapped:spellbound
achievable:feasible
navigate:pass through
insensible:uncaring
standard:ordinary
inert:unmoving
perplexed:puzzled
otherwise:if not
grunge:filth
foil:frustrate
hardhearted:cold
guaranty:collateral
disparity:inequality
disowning:disavowal
egalitarian:classless
spartan:plain
flash:gleam
server:ma?tre d'
remunerate:pay
supporting:sustaining
waster:degenerate
rationalized:streamlined
modern:contemporary
routine:usual
knowledgeable:well-informed
put:lay
ensemble:as a group
mystify:baffle
delicately:slightly
civilly:properly
prying:meddling
shackle:manacle
Son:lad
noncommittal:reserved
store:save
partiality:leaning
protract:extend
administrator:bureaucrat
facet:quality
tartly:sharply
backing:patronage
metropolis:capital
hazily:unclearly
want:aim
cavity:fissure
tractable:good
hygienic:germ-free
taxonomy:categorization
inimical:disadvantageous
envision:envisage
restorative:uplifting
warmth:amiability
impinge:impose
spoke:spar
good:competent
incite:goad
Root:source
mindful:watchful
undeserving:worthless
moralistic:serious
cascade:falls
impatient:rash
hoe:tidy
Teddy:toy
workers:personnel
skill:dexterity
undiluted:unadulterated
trimness:leanness
wince:recoil
despairingly:at a loss
individuality:personality
linger:hang around
well:fount
starchy:priggish
pile:heap
processor:central processing unit
flavor:zest
legalized:decriminalized
officer:administrator
stoutness:sturdiness
sequentially:consecutively
relapse:decline
through:by way of
mutiny:rebellion
cover:lid
unceremonious:curt
holdout:last
instantaneously:instantly
tell:tattle
harmonize:complement
ineffably:unspeakably
superbly:fantastically
shell:husk
afterthought:addition
flirtatious:playful
distinguishable:apparent
disseminate:distribute
throbbing:sore
fraction:small percentage
recite:speak publicly
spot:smidgen
chapter:part
vocalization's:speaking
weather:erode
darkened:unlit
adjudge:consider
telling:telltale
decaying:rotting
capriciousness:unreliability
taxable:rateable
peculiarity:abnormality
premeditated:thought-out
splendidly:fabulously
spangle:wink
engagement:commitment
autocrat:dictator
stupefied:impressed
querulous:difficult
negative:off-putting
abstention:no vote
gravitate:drift
ceaselessly:without a break
confab:meeting
snare:trap
rewrite:alter
tint:shade
gruesome:repugnant
authority:authorization
publish:bring out
expressive:signifying
discontent:displeasure
plot:plan
quaint:appealing
talker:gossip
target:object of ridicule
textile:material
insignia:logo
personified:made flesh
fund:trust
heterodoxy:heretical doctrine
misty:cloudy
solid:stable
approval:esteem
crystallize:sort itself out
chance:opportunity
antechamber:lobby
altercation:row
unbroken:steady
passable:satisfactory
clerical:office
ingratiate:crawl to
headwaiter:server
monstrous:outrageous
cry:shout
monstrous:giant
impersonator:mimic
involve:mix up
lapse:end
now:at this time
leading:primary
truly:genuinely
gestation:conception
dare:risk
succinct:terse
aftermath:outcome
solid:sound
stomp:clump
mode:means
revolutionize:transform
supposed:expected
twine:coil
condensation:abbreviation
precipitately:ahead of time
sully:pollute
difficult:obstinate
darned:horrible
credential's:permit
meditative:contemplative
piggyback:share the credit
rebirth:regeneration
expand:develop
prepare:organize
buddy:partner
refurbish:do up
faltering:hesitant
unfortunate:unlucky
marvelous:fabulous
proficiency:expertise
superego:self
despoiled:desecrated
infertile:sterile
squishy:soggy
mute:silent
governor:superintendent
suddenness:swiftness
clot:accumulation
forthrightly:frankly
crick:discomfort
control:hegemony
compulsive:exciting
anybody:everyone
moisturize:wet
way:system
rest:have a rest
puffing:panting
labor:employment
spiciness:bite
intelligibly:logically
pulverized:minced
try:take to court
induct:invest
continuing:lifelong
stylish:trendy
somewhat:a bit
report:inform
insensible:not sensitive
coverlet:cover
surprising:startling
late:last-ditch
Amber:tawny
Chance:probability
surge:flow
falsified:doubtful
amuse:make laugh
register:list
innards:insides
standing:eminence
close:meet
composure:serenity
suppose:guess
dillydallying:shilly-shallying
requirement's:supplies
forger:faker
slyly:guardedly
whiz:zoom
conference:talks
farcical:absurd
concerned:alarmed
commandeer:annex
Tell:request
merely:simply
splinter:shatter
sense:implication
greatest:maximum
easiness:charity
publicly:visibly
snarled:jumbled
stormily:excitably
go:attempt
rectitude:righteousness
reconsideration:re-evaluation
unscrupulous:dishonest
pajamas:nightgown
around:nearly
rejuvenate:revivify
point:promontory
nonphysical:spiritual
imbroglio:embarrassing situation
diverge:vary
mulishness:defiance
observably:visibly
restraint's:irons
shank:pole
stymied:blocked
Bellow:bawl
groggy:faint
spurt:burst
telepathy:extrasensory perception
emblem:badge
overenthusiastic:fervent
objects:things
waver:dither
villainous:iniquitous
immobile:stock-still
popularly:widely
chance:hazard
story:word
delete:obliterate
baggy:shapeless
perfect:just right
hokum:claptrap
taunt:criticism
defamatory:insulting
high:high ranking
resilient:pliant
cryptogram:code
pricey:high-priced
structure:arrange
chute:slide
featureless:undistinguished
fastest:best ever
house:lodge
seizure:removal
homely:ugly
uniform:regular
threadbare:clich?d
hatchet:strike
tamp:pack
sage:scholar
overwhelmingly:tremendously
scowl:glower
displease:make unhappy
preordain:destine
decked:ornamented
pack:quantity
parallel:equivalence
foretell:forecast
prosperous:well-to-do
break:rout
inside:classified
unsentimental:hard-boiled
adherence:obedience
hokum:bunkum
ultimate:fundamental
keen:wholehearted
presidency:organization
leprechaun:elf
mean:norm
treacherous:shaky
slackness:softness
remind:prompt
encircling:on all sides of
zealous:fanatical
godsend:benefit
evermore:more and more
conglomerate:company
flaccid:lifeless
allied:amalgamated
insides:viscera
terrorizing:horrifying
store:stow
daunt:scare
shaft:pole
catwalk:skywalk
fastness:refuge
interlace:interweave
pore:minute opening
binding:band
dowdiness:dullness
asleep:sound asleep
nostalgic:melancholy
suspicions:qualms
stagnant:dormant
overburden:impose
rental:charter
pull:tear
desirability:attractiveness
no:rejection
turnout:happen
atrocious:awful
sheathed:enclosed
plot:strategy
keep:comply with
streamers:decorations
now:at the moment
exponent:explainer
side:edge
stockiness:beefiness
lowly:mean
surprise:shock
richly:luxuriously
PR:image management
determine:resolve
overdo:exaggerate
turnover:return
intuitively:spontaneously
stuff:possessions
shatterproof:rock-hard
leader's:privileged
battery:succession
vibes:vibrations
dissenter:dissident
archangel:seraph
codicil:P.S.
bellow:yell
endeavor:venture
ascent:way up
undernourished:malnourished
schemer:traitor
genuine:open
wine:lavender
unflagging:steadfast
cultivate:plant
apprehensiveness:unease
sure:trustworthy
incurably:inherently
assure:give surety
inconsistent:variable
bristly:stubbly
impossibility:unfeasibility
cautious:watchful
defile:debase
harbinger:forerunner
excruciatingly:trip
perversion:caricature
fearfully:in terror
visibly:plainly
switch:control
unpleasantly:objectionably
complicated:complex
transitory:short-lived
crow:sing your own praises
part:job
dullness:dowdiness
name:big name
plagiarized:copied
gainful:productive
hoist:pulley
hereafter:henceforward
adorn:beautify
handily:neatly
hunger:food shortage
unbending:doctrinaire
abhorrent:objectionable
mumbling:hesitant
mischievous:negative
vague:indistinct
gymnasium:sports hall
inevitably:as anticipated
open:release
augmentation:expansion
patronage:investment
strongly:sturdily
usually:frequently
pointy:pointed
Lean:wiry
prompt:effect
language:verbal skill
modicum:degree
orderly:systematic
stymie:confuse
subjugate:suppress
particular:point
sleepily:fuzzily
morosely:resentfully
have:declare
crumb:morsel
bully:persecutor
undefeated:unassailable
backing:support
virtuous:good
forbiddingly:gloomily
inequity:inequality
supposed:hypothetical
underling:subordinate
steppe:prairieland
despotism:dictatorship
unenthusiastic:unresponsive
moniker:autograph
snowball:escalate
tribute:honor
transpire:leak
home:house
observe:spot
negativity:unhelpfulness
brew:develop
exclude:prevent
professionally:efficiently
benchmark:standard
muffle:dampen
chasm:opening
concept:thought
offer:propose
house:give shelter to
gnaw:aggravate
summation:rundown
sapphire:indigo
appease:soothe
climber:creeper
expensively:luxuriously
hoping:hopeful
glacial:frosty
special:singular
peace:harmony
topsoil:mud
quit:leave
elevated:grand
pitilessly:implacably
irresponsibly:carelessly
vitriolic:spiteful
evasion:avoidance
isolating:dividing
Shepherd:direct
complacency:smugness
adequate:tolerable
garlanded:ornamented
incomparably:consummately
thickset:hefty
fusty:fetid
bad:faulty
scarcity:paucity
tor:rise
wooziness:dizziness
puny:paltry
prospect:hunt
plot:conspire
dictatorial:tyrannical
gloss:polish
Frank:outspoken
large:sizeable
lumber:walk heavily
plop:set down
minute:meticulous
address:lecture to
perform:complete
vileness:terribleness
vex:anger
shunt:push
familiar:traditional
imprints:trace
categorical:unqualified
reverberate:echo
foolhardy:rash
funds:cremation
requite:seek retaliation
stalking:nuisance
buffer:defense
limited:some degree of
screwball:crazy
administration:organization
tamper:rig
ensnare:tangle
brand:variety
appearance:growth
defunct:outdated
smile:smirk
preconceived:inflexible
outpouring:expression
progression:progress
porch:balcony
cope:get by
relapse:waning
engraved:impressed
minster:house of worship
tranquilizing:sedative
flange:extension
dying:becoming extinct
bug:error
unloose:set free
Chance:unplanned
imitation:replication
bruise:contusion
in:arrived
oscillate:move to and fro
greediness:greed
lass:daughter
zeal:fanaticism
gladness:happiness
abjure:reject
minimal:smallest
redress:remedy
keepsake:memento
empty:blank
near:adjacent
quaintly:bizarrely
worried:bothered
modernize:renew
declaim:hold forth
worry:be concerned
combating:warfare
savory:congenial
unfolding:telling
deliberation:consideration
prudence:forethought
forceful:compelling
spiritless:low
resilience:elasticity
solvent:in the black
independent:autonomous
hesitant:cautious
death:killing
brand:categorize
incline:fall
jostle:elbow
obscure:dim
covet:want
speaking:vocalizations
proper:own
indecent:impolite
overcooked:burnt
sympathetically:compassionately
concerted:determined
duty:what you have to do
watery:bland
torrent:gush
evade:avoid
chieftain:ruler
purloin:nick
thoughtful:contemplative
boor:lout
flavorful:tangy
country:population
feeling:affection
generalization:oversimplification
delirious:rambling
bracing:healthy
waste:weaken
limit:maximum value
unpardonable:intolerable
goggles:spectacles
translate:change
willing:agreeable
due's:excise
voyage:passage
stiffen:harden
luminosity:radiance
piece:example
affectation:exaggeration
guardian:custodian
procrastinate:dally
plot:action
renowned:popular
aggrieved:wounded
boastfulness:arrogance
superman:conqueror
dubiousness:ambiguity
agreed:contracted
expansion:spreading out
repulsively:vilely
exquisitely:with refinement
fear:panic about
endowment:donation
ramble:amble
forbearing:merciful
again:all over again
befriend:help
stimulus:spur
honor:mark of distinction
stupefaction:bewilderment
acumen:wisdom
onset:beginning
instigate:activate
conserve:save up
vitality:joie de vivre
blowup:be furious
ingratiating:obsequious
bridal:marriage
hauling:means of transport
conceited:high and mighty
proposal:pitch
wishes:requirements
quirky:odd
sadistic:aggressive
amassed:summative
propagate:broadcast
gainful:profitable
bad:ruthless
disqualification:barring
Mill:refine
magic:fairylike
rancid:off
isolated:secluded
stopper:top
unstressed:at ease
aspect:side
additional:added
originally:at first
burrow:forage
ranch:farm
manifest:plain
main:chief
confirm:back up
tenacious:inflexible
labor:work hard
pique:rile
Bill:list
contrary:awkward
unscrupulousness:deceit
puncture:prick
unjust:undue
rotting:bad
knickknacks:junk
rigorously:thoroughly
account:tally
Peace:concord
ooze:emerge
aisle:gangway
garnish:pretty up
glaring:intense
precincts:confines
uncultivated:coarse
gross:blatant
valuable:precious
expansive:sizeable
stealthy:crafty
stricture:bound
wallop:bump
floppiness:softness
unskilled:unqualified
Wise:clever
scanty:sparse
use:operation
narrator:raconteur
blastoff:explosion
solid:rock-hard
as:to the same degree
negatively:unenthusiastically
sidetracked:diverted
As:because
sulk:be in a temper
Craft:dexterity
state:testify
manifest:exhibit
overpower:subdue
advanced:unconventional
support:keep up
gluttonously:hungrily
footing:grip
question:doubt
blotch:red mark
flummox:baffle
glumly:dolefully
disorientation:perplexity
bud:blossom
reference:recommendation
eiderdown:quilt
foliage:shrubbery
bearing:compass reading
run:chain
kink:twist
unregulated:loose
dedicate:consecrate
untenable:invalid
note:message
sinuous:twisting
rise:emerge
traction:grip
specifically:purposely
somehow:come what may
own:be in possession of
vacuous:unintelligent
scarceness:insufficiency
dishonorably:shabbily
debut:entrance
intimately:very well
ebb:flow away
choking:harsh
investiture:installation
class:category
place:arrange
given:known
analgesic:palliative
fruitlessness:inadequacy
perceptible:noticeable
influence:induce
understate:devalue
senseless:deadened
virtuoso:breathtaking
blinkered:restricted
fresh:refreshing
gorgeously:stunningly
jagged:serrated
precipitately:too early
joy:enjoyment
primeval:primal
creature:mortal
pledge:collateral
converge:touch
scourge:plague
timeliness:relevance
nugget:bit
perusal:checking
light:manageable
uncertain:undefined
covetously:acquisitively
tenaciously:steadfastly
dent:diminish
repeated:frequent
taint:defect
forever:without end
scold:chew out
gruffness:abruptness
ruinous:damaging
luridly:gaudily
Brown:chocolate
faker:hypocrite
handsome:gorgeous
homework:groundwork
holding's:wealth
bulwark:earthwork
vitalizing:revitalizing
careworn:weighed down
strand:tress
furrowed:uneven
turn:convert
side:part
file's:annals
wastefully:carelessly
lax:relaxed
fleas:lice
builder:draftsman
plus:advantageous
joint:place
dreamily:pensively
decisively:resolutely
culpable:responsible
rather:relatively
unconvinced:not persuaded
raincoat:oilskin
pass:happen
brawny:strong
background:surroundings
amputation:exclusion
prettily:appealingly
limelight:glare of publicity
concern:unease
kiln:furnace
inclement:rough
holdout:present
foamy:foam-covered
improvised:offhand
animal:physical
elaborateness:showiness
sob:cry
construct:theory
cocky:conceited
thwarted:let down
clueless:naive
pause:stop
gravelly:croaky
flash:twinkle
straightforward:honest
baseless:unjustifiable
thinking:belief
perpetually:continually
satisfy:be suitable for
soar:skyrocket
something:somewhat
Cd:album
submersed:inundated
ensuing:subsequent
higher:top
hissing:derision
slip:trip
tranquilizing:soothing
income:takings
shrubs:undergrowth
holdup:raid
snooty:superior
A's:the same as
veto:ban
adventurer:pioneer
toil:labor
boo:jeer
unorthodox:untraditional
still:banish
cape:outcrop
Villa:cottage
traumatized:in shock
defector:convert
colt:foal
levitate:get higher
foulness:muckiness
cloistered:bubble-like
pimple's:skin complaint
loss:defeat
craftily:cunningly
imprint:indication
criticism:condemnation
dilatory:slow
kidnapper:hijacker
severe:awful
militaristic:martial
mountainous:gigantic
inculcate:hammer
desires:wishes
aching:yearning
ecclesiastical:church
unreliability:fickleness
shoot:wound
suit:match
lick:clobber
Charity:contributions
multifaceted:complex
eavesdrop:listen in
true:proper
defile:corrupt
craggy:lined
adornment:ornamentation
tumult:chaos
different:distinctive
gritty:rough
reprieve:acquittal
lock:unite
remember:commit to memory
More:additional
arise:get to your feet
slackness:limpness
care:consideration
mean:wish
heavily:forcefully
vacation:leave
fast:starve yourself
canvass:seek
heir:successor
offensive:impertinent
bar:with the exception of
diplomat:cultural attach?
harmless:inoffensive
obligated:obliged
paradigmatic:stock
overact:overdo it
nourish:promote
tiptoe:creep
Cage:coop
unearthly:macabre
unraveling:untying
Congress:meeting
spree:binge
Rather:slightly
slurp:glug
soon:presently
services:armed forces
hunt:pursue
fellowship:camaraderie
Concord:peace
memo:message
House:domicile
imp:sprite
projectile:bullet
aggression:raid
bagginess:looseness
watchword:maxim
persevere:persist
indefensibly:invalidly
coarsely:boorishly
desultory:random
drop:bead
trimness:neatness
plod:tread wearily
hideaway:mask
right:accurate
forceful:potent
coagulated:heavy
dramatization:production
aggressiveness:forcefulness
inventive:creative
humanitarian:caring
thin:tinny
truly:truthfully
heartlessly:cold-bloodedly
unselfish:magnanimous
childishness:pettiness
conjuring:artifice
negative:no
land:homeland
picky:fastidious
dilapidation:shabbiness
metrically:musically
grit:stones
abusiveness:indecency
capitulate:submit
scorched:parched
jeopardize:put at risk
imperious:commanding
underhandedly:misleadingly
conclusion:supposition
always:forever
corrosive:cutting
pollute:make dirty
heckler:cynic
imitative:clich?d
exercise:carrying out
pointless:stupid
nonexistence:lack
celebrity:prominence
blurry:fuzzy
coals:residue
due:scheduled
play:occupy yourself
watch:stare at
Pike:outcrop
niche:slot
ratify:approve
crux:nub
shadows:darkness
fiscal:economic
Begin:open
menacing:intimidating
adroit:adept
resplendently:glitteringly
documented:acknowledged
heart:sympathy
associate:assort
haggard:worn
feisty:lively
grant:allowance
dazzle:astound
unlikely:dubious
idiomatic:fluent
together:as one
causative:contributing
grandiose:pretentious
dint:indentation
unproductive:idle
breakup:keep apart
supports:chains
streak:roll
clear:cloudless
confrontation:fight
shaft:stick
quell:repress
palate:enjoyment
edifying:literary
lithe:nimble
teem:pour
soothingly:relaxingly
friendliness:kindliness
adjourn:delay
avenger:righter of wrongs
indirectness:zigzagging
confusion:embarrassment
propriety:good manners
bad:defective
shop:store
wholeness:completeness
amethyst:purple
uncertainties:fears
covertly:secretly
deliberately:knowingly
heroically:determinedly
carefulness:common sense
uproar:turbulence
vulgarly:tastelessly
brainchild:invention
crashing:booming
voice:influence
swaddle:bandage
demonstrable:confirmable
premiere:debut
tingly:stinging
erect:set up
things:possessions
discussion's:pondering
babble:chat
groundswell:wave
armory:weapon store
dillydally:dither
unsigned:unknown
itch:tickle
oodles:lots
tawdriness:gaudiness
contemplative:pensive
desperate:impulsive
victuals:foodstuff
fly:rush
easy:undemanding
streak:run
movement:lobby group
Popper:clip
narrowly:attentively
tranquilly:quietly
boiler:cistern
telepathic:mind-reading
clear:discharge
system:structure
admirer:follower
slyness:cunning
Stern:unsympathetic
appetizer:first course
Establishment:authorities
virtuousness:blamelessness
overall:inclusive
neophyte:greenhorn
contaminate:foul
knothole:peephole
inside's:guts
freewheeling:hands-off
undaunted:impervious
soothsayer:astrologer
prospectus:list
deployment:employment
speckle:tarnish
waken:stir
launder:clean
clomp:bang
advise:recommend
resistant:strong
guarantee:certify
austere:severe
author:novelist
fallaciously:inaccurately
obligate:make necessary
jerky:bouncy
embracing:implementation
paw:mitt
decrepit:falling to pieces
unsurprising:conventional
commission:payment
helplessness:exposure
pulverize:destroy
appeal:interest
ready:arranged
reverse:inverse
sacrilegious:disrespectful
amputation:subtraction
aftermath:result
petrify:solidify
CPU:computer chip
china:porcelain
shelf:bookshelf
stipend:salary
hideout:den
cement:prop up
fair:moderately good
domesticate:housebreak
visualization:prophecy
addition's:add-ons
Nation:homeland
emphatic:obvious
jiggle:rattle
partaking:sharing
traditional:customary
anomalous:irregular
penetration:comprehension
famed:renowned
open:not closed
enroll:sign up
nauseate:turn your stomach
stallion:pony
pollute:corrupt
bayou:marshland
incomprehensibly:impenetrably
ratty:tatty
indisposed:not disposed
entourage:following
jailer:prison officer
scissors:clippers
protuberance:distension
footfall:pace
innocently:innocuously
gambit:scheme
plunge:push
Mass:pile
mien:aspect
staunch:halt
healthful:good for your health
flying:hasty
buoyancy:resilience
increase:enlarge
channel:avenue
wailing:crying
supremely:particularly
warily:circumspectly
child:baby
fungus:mushroom
jumbo:gigantic
collaborate:pool resources
strike:down tools
telepathic:clairvoyant
compose:relax
diction:phrasing
flash:fly
mindful:careful
alternative:unusual
tossup:even break
disaster:failure
shears:hedge clippers
improvise:knock together
cradle:support
Dale:gorge
agree:settle
review:look at
paradoxically:in actual fact
guard:sentry
street:lane
coupe:sports car
staunchly:faithfully
cleaver:chopper
depraved:immoral
longevity:durability
apartment:public housing
frailty:weakness
avidly:passionately
dissolve:soften
abrupt:rushed
regret:bemoan
vibrations:ambiance
different:unusual
gridlock:backup
enough:sufficient
miserly:stingy
awash:sopping
unashamed:flagrant
Re:with reference to
properly:suitably
justify:align
appetizing:enticing
concern:item
extent:size
catch:snag
happenstance:fluke
mathematical:precise
trivial:small
tenacity:resolve
accessory:assistant
confinement:captivity
doubt:have reservations
teatime:time for dinner
destroy:overcome
lessee:boarder
complaint:criticism
rick:pull
gourmet:foodie
obligingly:agreeably
solid:firm
inconsiderate:insensitive
ecstatic:rapturous
readily:at once
covenant:pledge
shepherd:direct
poultry:pullet
Machiavellian:deceitful
new:just starting out
redouble:augment
coldly:frostily
indefatigable:untiring
course:avenue
luxuriant:rich
submerged:waterlogged
aggravate:intensify
bulldoze:level
Tell:convey
hounding:harrying
dishonestly:underhandedly
resourceful:quick-witted
ache:backache
fortifying:refreshing
pouch:purse
gurgle:bubble
commitment:duty
gunfight:clash
might:power
affirmatively:with assent
knowledge:expertise
restraint:detention
stoutness:determinedness
mix:blend
bonfire:flare
lecture:address
Superman:idol
lamentable:regrettable
oblivion:void
survey:inspect
slant:slope
upbraid:reproach
beguile:fascinate
vindictive:merciless
patio:terrace
inhabitable:fit for human habitation
curved:arched
normal:habitual
abscess:pustule
get:grow
important:influential
involuntarily:unwillingly
prim:prudish
harshness:severity
prudently:discreetly
discord:friction
converge:congregate
position:stance
excuse:absolve
supplied:full
takings:profits
cheering:kindly
direct:charge
pummel:strike
ungainliness:awkwardness
deceitfully:deviously
tumultuous:chaotic
sanction:okay
posh:classy
computerize:automate
toneless:colorless
rancid:rotten
underside:bottom
thinking:thoughts
balk:shy away
start:get on your way
levy:toll
presage:betoken
timetabled:tabled
fairly:justly
directory:information bank
spotty:mottled
respectful:civil
perceptively:with sensitivity
jot:speck
Rich:fruitful
shyness:timidity
falsity:spuriousness
erosion:wearing down
practiced:proficient
precipitate:swift
downhearted:downcast
RNA:DNA
commercial:for profit
bucketing:pouring
impeccability:excellence
trickle:drip
individualism:eccentricity
dogged:gritty
invitation:invite
purchase:procure
spearhead:lead
approach:advance
marked:striking
planned:deliberate
choreography:composition
clown:slapstick comedian
droplet:drip
Bond:connection
nuzzle:cuddle
limelight:public interest
besmirched:degraded
inadvisable:unwise
screening:viewing
imperfection:failing
game:fixture
indiscretion:lack of discretion
satisfied:contented
threadbare:worn
burr:drawl
tape:string
wear:abrasion
escalate:go from bad to worse
meddle:interfere
ambush:trap
panicky:unnerved
indiscretion:gaffe
remnant:trace
none:nothing
unbind:unchain
franchise:authorization
unimaginative:featureless
plan:diagram
preserve:continue
snap:break
valiantly:nobly
bridal:nuptial
Marxist:socialist
store:put in storage
descent:deterioration
subsume:list
either:whichever
A's:for instance
classmate's:colleagues
wronged:aggrieved
broil:fracas
automatic:mechanized
glide:coast
surely:certainly
scented:perfumed
flagpole:flagstaff
correspondents:the media
roundabouts:near here
stubbornly:intractably
mostly:habitually
holdup:sustain
devotee:fan
relentless:unrelenting
lose:leave behind
frenziedly:chaotically
runner:participant
maintain:argue
concealment:cover up
manuscript:text
down:fine hair
apportion:allocate
awkwardness:clumsiness
scamp:urchin
boastfully:arrogantly
zealous:eager
implacable:cold-hearted
rigidity:strictness
downy:soft
slack:dull
impecunious:needy
sponger:idler
tearful:sniveling
sign:indicator
planter:window box
quarrel:disagree
sharp:punctually
nevertheless:nonetheless
ideal:superlative
oncoming:nearing
unrelenting:pounding
adorned:garlanded
concern:disquiet
meekly:submissively
In:trendy
heavy:gray
entrance:access
pudgy:tubby
date:engagement
unflagging:constant
marry:tie the knot
catastrophically:appallingly
primer:introduction
drink:alcoholic drink
shelf:ledge
value:rate
showroom:retail area
schlep:hike
often:frequently
reliance:dependence
boob:gaffe
platter:tray
consolidate:fuse
intransigent:unyielding
festering:bad
toughened:hard-bitten
animation:sparkle
bifurcate:fork
dung:compost
eyeball:gaze at
redraft:modification
irresistible:powerful
recuperate:reclaim
disobediently:naughtily
due:looked-for
academically:rationally
decided:unwavering
scrawny:skinny
ding:dingle
bowed:stooped
ingenuity:inventiveness
Deity:holy being
exemplify:epitomize
curled:coiled
number:figure
happy:ecstatic
Branch:topic
relocate:reposition
peacefulness:quietness
eatable:edible
freestanding:unconnected
judgment:finding
squeamish:easily upset
toward:to
lug:haul
infallibly:unfailingly
forward:ahead
receive:catch
and:with
disparate:unlike
formalities:rules and regulations
resolution:determination
buoy:hold up
knot:join
article:commentary
commune:feel at one with
present:gift
disagree:fall out
peevish:cranky
lightheartedly:blithely
untamed:wild
china:figurines
hurdle:barrier
paraphernalia:baggage
blemished:discolored
receptive:friendly
harbor:cherish
headlong:hasty
Green:olive
temporal:earthly
impact:bearing
tastelessness:distastefulness
downward:downhill
divide:deal out
drive:maneuver
auxiliary:supplementary
vigor:vivacity
define:mark out
inmost:innermost
protracted:lengthened
discuss:converse
moldy:decayed
truly:faithfully
undignified:unseemly
nitpick:carp
natural:likely
litigious:controversial
professionally:resourcefully
sobriety:somberness
unkind:cruel
streak:line
detachment:group
contemplative:meditative
silt:deposit
malingering:lazy
model:perfect
maul:knock about
friend:acquaintance
darkened:dark
description:sort
unfairly:unduly
kingpin:number one
gaming:betting
drop:release
treatment:dealing
antagonist:enemy
total:absolute
academic:speculative
betoken:divine
embellishments:trappings
surrendering:giving way
dissuasion:discouragement
unhesitating:unwavering
sympathetically:with concern
qualified:skilled
standard:emblem
cataloging:group
meaningfully:eloquently
crotchety:crusty
improvise:be creative
luscious:delicious
dynamism:vitality
source:mine
slip:lose your footing
pattern:design
molder:go stale
observed:practical
improvise:wing it
differ:be at variance
parson:preacher
detestable:hateful
recurrent:periodic
fortification:enrichment
jousting:wordplay
clever:crafty
qualm:contrition
rudely:boorishly
shattered:crushed
mordant:acrid
machine:apparatus
inundation:flood
rules:regulations
gripped:obsessed
zealous:keen
handy:clever
overhanging:pendant
effect:realize
hooped:banded
tattler:prattler
soulfully:poignantly
possessions:chattels
subterfuge:ploy
mantelpiece:projection
threateningly:worryingly
dropout:stop
blighted:in pieces
v:vs.
BASIC:crucial
examine:research
emission:secretion
secretive:enigmatic
mournful:sorrowful
charmingly:prettily
gems:charms
presentable:ok
tirelessly:vigorously
immaculately:flawlessly
reserved:cool
keenly:intensely
governors:authority
available:existing
poll:market research
hulk:wreck
guess:speculate
thunder:din
fortitude:strength
typhoon:monsoon
repenting:apologetic
Peg:bolt
attest:indicate
roam:ramble
heat:leg
insatiable:unappeasable
backbiting:unkind remarks
hoodlum:thug
belligerently:antagonistically
rightfulness:justice
nonpartisan:unprejudiced
twinkle:gleam
connote:result in
unaware:unconscious
assume:begin to have
reek:stink
dazed:stupefied
unchanging:rigid
gather:draw together
hardheartedness:insensitivity
luridness:brightness
bribe:carrot
colonial:grand
humorously:wittily
boisterousness:disobedience
doubtful:improbable
yell:screech
drive:coerce
mark's:letters
share:distribute
turtleneck:roll neck
suitcase's:gear
debit:subtract
pragmatically:logically
equanimity:level-headedness
chock:wedge
stabilize:alleviate
punctilious:thorough
undeserved:unjustified
score:notch
shadowy:eerie
grove:wood
meant:predestined
viaduct:overpass
trite:commonplace
stand:remain standing
picture:representation
fragmentary:disconnected
create:set up
melancholy:depressed
finish:conclude
sunless:overcast
aristocracy:nobility
wash:wash down
abrupt:hasty
artful:crafty
drink:draft
break:crush
unsigned:unidentified
tormented:beset
wiles:deceit
squat:hunker down
argue:fight
uniformity:consistency
blemish:spot
diffuse:wordy
guffaw:laugh
problematic:awkward
emancipate:set free
bothersome:inconvenient
wasted:half-starved
mime:mirror
delinquency:felony
idea:proposal
rust:tarnish
habit:tendency
nobility:nobles
unfortunate:adverse
redeem:save
speaker:orator
erudite:academic
exasperate:annoy
bedeck:bejewel
coalition:union
artiste:comedian
Stern:somber
sullenly:resentfully
chatterer:talker
demonstrate:make evident
somersault:tumble
physician:surgeon
stop:plug
taciturn:unforthcoming
initiation:introduction
meet:encounter
correspondingly:in the same way
Long:prolonged
perceptible:appreciable
performer:perpetrator
devalue:lessen
bad:regretful
smooth:downy
complaining:irritable
anachronism:holdover
spend:exhaust
bunkum:garbage
muddy:unclear
mystique:inscrutability
oafish:coarse
commander:chief officer
tasteful:sophisticated
mistreated:harmed
unrivaled:supreme
shackle's:irons
dissident:dissenting
incontrovertibly:unquestionably
hauteur:pride
snatch:grab
prime:principal
downgrade:reduce
very:exact
straddling:on both sides of
thrift:parsimony
rumbling:muffled
toward:headed for
tanned:suntanned
vendetta:feud
thinning:reduction
lettering:letters
disavow:recant
decked:adorned
distinct:clear
Sharp:intense
intercept:stop
corrupted:besmirched
high:anticyclone
deep:full of meaning
graft:implant
oscillate:move backward and forward
alternate:every second
melodramatic:exaggerated
scuff:graze
raggedy:unkempt
stencil:guide
indubitably:definitely
NOW:right now
marquee:gazebo
lament:bemoan
embellishment:ornamentation
Strong:keen
write:jot down
smirk:grin
authority:mandate
aid:assist
brassy:showy
unsociable:distant
minor:adolescent
stunted:short
damper:check
closely:attentively
BASIC:plain
lushness:richness
scheming:wily
superficiality:tastelessness
assimilate:take in
vocalizations:tongue
neuter:spay
unchecked:unrestrained
carry:take
save:hoard
exhalation:breath
personally:individually
formality:ritual
unexciting:insipid
wild:crazy
go:shot
balloon:hot-air balloon
individualist:loner
buckled:misshapen
colonnade:portico
cram:study
prospectus:leaflet
compare:put side by side
blubber:snivel
petrol:gasoline
stagnate:rust
Battle:fight
onerous:difficult
remorseful:apologetic
threadbare:ineffective
foulness:lewdness
impetuous:hasty
sanguine:hopeful
uncooperative:stubborn
zealously:ardently
lingering:spun out
armaments:arms
emission:production
foiled:frustrated
improved:better
weathered:gnarled
validity:authority
edge:side
indescribably:unutterably
sugar:baby
brag:sing your own praises
uninhibited:unconstrained
emend:amend
savory:salty
ponder:muse
square:seek permission
achiever:success
powdered:broken up
vociferous:loud
outspoken:blunt
plot:outline
subordinate:secondary
imputation:accusation
recalcitrant:intractable
louse:parasite
easy:stress-free
magic:magical
tersely:brusquely
mucky:messy
chorale:chorus
bridge:passage
giggle:embarrassed laugh
uniformity:homogeny
disciplinarian:despot
infuse:permeate
take:hold
outstretched:outspread
sure:clear in your mind
contribute:say
noisy:boisterous
fry:cook
package:present
census:poll
Crux:nitty-gritty
primal:primeval
paraphernalia:equipment
missing:not there
sell:market
tickle:please
replace:substitute
lagoon:sea
rescind:repeal
stained:tainted
offensively:disgracefully
abashed:ashamed
green:wet behind the ears
cutup:distraught
design:target
Rich:ironic
garner:harvest
imperfectly:improperly
follow:track
goalkeeper:custodian
unsteadiness:instability
lessee:lodger
magnetize:create a center of attention
terrific:wonderful
perennial:continuing
badly:unfavorably
sooty:grimy
beginning's:early development
walk:pace
sullied:desecrated
concern:worry
patiently:tolerantly
heave:maneuver
modestly:humbly
naughty:wicked
varying:unstable
vex:irk
feeling:sense
follower's:group
hostel:inn
broken:dispirited
drink:glug down
massacre:butchery
catnap:put your head down
campsite:encampment
ratty:decrepit
honest:truthful
reconstruction:rebuilding
demands:strain
annex:take over
inbred:congenital
wearily:unenthusiastically
unconcern:disregard
cloudless:blue
hot:fiery
join:seam
peculiarly:noticeably
bail:security
bite:smart
subside:recede
evasive:slippery
herculean:exceptional
lineup:arrange
unaccompanied:singlehanded
squeamish:woozy
dangerous:risky
clue:evidence
slanted:biased
assembly:construction
fastener:catch
imaginatively:artistically
triviality:unimportance
squalor:dirtiness
shoddy:cheap
guileful:astute
voyage:cruise
streak:mark with streaks
allegorical:figurative
return:revenue
recalcitrance:rebellion
loop:ball
owner:holder
lie:propaganda
vocalization's:verbal communication
exaggeration:amplification
overbearing:imperious
geek:bore
demonstrable:self-evident
snifter:nip
meddle:put your oar in
stonily:uncaringly
huddle:crouch
unsympathetic:heartless
route:course
commanding:unassailable
pe:games
praiseworthy:laudable
unalterably:obdurately
bound:border
asymmetrical:uneven
unprivileged:lowly
derailing:devastating
foreboding:presentiment
tout:push
positive:certain
citations:documents
molested:injured
suffice:be sufficient
dissoluteness:debauchery
space:area
divest:rid
immobilize:put out of action
glob:bubble
backpedal:recant
unimaginative:dull
streamer's:decoration
churlish:truculent
alone:only
messiness:dirtiness
blue's:depression
domination:control
angered:infuriated
different:out of the ordinary
love:be keen on
just:now
normally:on the whole
prescriptive:authoritarian
meaningless:inconsequential
enchant:enthrall
hose:sluice
lowly:humble
enlivening:vitalizing
green:conservational
bounded:encircled
vista:outlook
promptness:pace
experienced:skilled
suavely:elegantly
muscularity:robustness
teammate:colleague
schoolwork:learning
inexorable:inevitable
slacks:pants
educator:educationalist
laudable:heroic
madly:frantically
gorgeously:strikingly
triumphant:successful
cutter's:nail clippers
phenomenon:marvel
hearten:inspire
vex:displease
grave:dangerous
ruffle:tousle
regimen:procedure
gross:vulgar
warden:superintendent
guild:union
chin:jaw
cowed:frightened
judgment:thoughts
glamorous:sensational
customized:custom-made
glaze:finish
modish:voguish
groovy:hip
date:day
aspect:portion
treacherous:double-crossing
act:pretend
countermand:revoke
cheerlessly:shabbily
trust:conviction
cause:set off
Representative:spokesperson
oaf:boor
headfirst:plunging
comparison:relationship
Clay:mud
relate:correlate
crate:barred enclosure
great:magnificent
strongly:solidly
supplicate:plead
talk:negotiate
supervisor:superior
unmask:bare
treasured:precious
fix:answer
explorer:traveler
antagonistic:on the warpath
mainly:mostly
stash:store
video:cassette
sickness:infection
placement:situation
clank:bang
arrive:make it
jeer:taunt
arraign:impeach
tedium:dreariness
Mark's:symbols
satirist:joker
caress:stroke
care:burden
crumbly:powdery
ambiguous:wooly
dismally:drably
purposefully:decisively
brusqueness:roughness
simultaneous:instantaneous
serious:deep
we'll:anyhow
precinct:division
delve:rummage
attitude:pose
tub:carton
establishment:powers that be
weep:bawl
reality:authenticity
wares:products
abutting:neighboring
unanimity:unity
skill:expertise
pillow:support
grumpily:huffily
engrossing:riveting
injunction:order
crash:wallop
bother:disturb
scurry:hurry
practical:helpful
actual:genuine
rationality:prudence
vandalize:smash up
undamaged:unspoiled
sulkily:grumpily
hobble:stagger
convinced:firm
appreciated:respected
powerlessness:subjection
exponent:typical case
link's:associations
dustiness:dinginess
chary:cautious
unrestricted:open
forgiveness:clemency
especially:more than ever
Root's:heredity
time's:era
narrate:relate
huskily:roughly
oracle:visionary
preschooler:infant
streak:mark
garnish:adorn
recant:repudiate
strength:intensity
submissive:meek
throttle:garrote
astir:moving
subdue:pacify
moneyed:comfortable
attach:assign
rhapsody:ecstasy
colloquy:meeting
disjoint:put out of place
unfettered:loose
meadow:field
develop:grow
code:signs
run:seep
gloomily:unhopefully
war:warfare
beguiling:charming
unbounded:absolute
strong:deep-seated
control:handling
pierce:perforate
monumental:mammoth
Good's:possessions
compactness:neatness
flog:beat
indict:impeach
bristle:quill
casino:nightclub
augmentation:amplification
unfeeling:unsympathetic
review:have another look at
throw:heave
well:good
correctness:exactness
gnarled:bent
Max:get an A on
thump:bang
blooper:faux pas
genuflect:show respect for
infuriating:maddening
normally:more often than not
antediluvian:out of date
abruptness:shortness
trim:orderly
rehearse:review
outing:trip
unusual:few and far between
river:watercourse
unprincipled:deceitful
effect:air
informant:spy
national:inhabitant
brickbat:comment
honest:upright
harshly:unsympathetically
slurred:garbled
unreasonably:unduly
deceiving:to be regarded with suspicion
abominate:detest
armada:flotilla
politic:sly
observant:on the ball
phenomenally:amazingly
customer's:clientele
written:in black and white
try:strive
day's:being
central:crucial
circumspect:careful
derive:stem
hint:give an inkling of
festive:jovial
unsolved:unclear
nationalist:separatist
relation's:dealings
crease:tuck
regulations:policy
quaintly:unusually
chilly:frosty
Wash:shampoo
confederacy:association
setback:obstruction
Darling:adorable
massacre:murder
along:all along
helplessly:vulnerably
upsurge:surge
needed:looked-for
impression:brand
misuse:knock about
pain:torture
disillusioned:disheartened
close:keen
today:now
guileless:candid
Sharp:quick-witted
wish:craving
frills:trimmings
spirituality:theology
impropriety:mishap
snatch:filch
ill:bad
cellar:crypt
exasperation:fury
Charity:charitable trust
response:comeback
snobbish:pretentious
gusto:enjoyment
gist:idea
court:see
oracle:prophet
adventurer:explorer
foreign:external
then:in that case
disseminated:distributed
undulate:ripple
impatient:impetuous
homage:deference
mess:tight spot
reproof:blame
enormity:extent
munificent:openhanded
impertinence:impoliteness
uphill:climbing
flatly:dully
great:critical
bevy:mob
summary:summing up
appreciate:realize
sulkiness:bad humor
house:domicile
tainted:corrupted
fight:brawl
solution:key
slanted:distorted
slackly:insecurely
mannerly:gracious
bravo:good job
uncharitable:harsh
lurid:garish
merciless:severe
uncontrolled:uninhibited
unruliness:boisterousness
hemorrhage:blood loss
agonizing:unbearable
construct:put together
pressurized:under pressure
weir:block
watercolor:print
scrap:do away with
characterize:illustrate
austerely:starkly
latterly:in recent times
nimble:quick
canton:borough
replacement:substitution
examine:analyze
infiltrate:creep into
chilly:aloof
confident:sure
supposed:alleged
gawkiness:inelegance
glamor:appeal
binge:spree
homogeneously:equally
likable:agreeable
parsimony:thriftiness
contrition:repentance
conservatory:greenhouse
alumnae:graduates
cultivated:civilized
maturity:wisdom
fight:skirmish
intruding:presumptuous
corrode:rust
moot:debatable
protest:dissent
merger:joining
reproduce:give birth
snip:clip
bustle:busy yourself
generalized:general
mugginess:oppressiveness
beginning's:first phase
swimsuit:trunks
line's:defenses
forthrightly:candidly
dither:vacillate
turn:go round
repentance:contrition
sentence:verdict
paycheck:pay packet
Monk:nun
interval:hiatus
competition:struggle
include:enter
patch:square
space's:places
greatness:fame
shapeless:baggy
discounted:low-priced
overlay:overlie
avoid:forestall
lose:give somebody the slip
reconnoiter:scout
affect:shape
subdue:conquer
fancy:expensive
fairly:comparatively
cadaverous:gaunt
pretty:appealing
assistant:subordinate
lush:fertile
abound:proliferate
approved:permitted
Bird's:animals
depreciation:downgrading
cranny:crevice
scout:survey
fit:ready to go
magnitude:consequence
Victor:beater
anchor:announcer
desolate:bleak
discouragement:despair
sarcastically:sardonically
canister:cylinder
dud:fiasco
score:groove
fancy:want
records:report
rib:kid
armaments:weaponry
early:in the early hours
binge:go on a bender
favor:support
bubbly:lively
oddity:idiosyncrasy
implacable:unyielding
censure:criticism
badly:awfully
greeting:salutation
solitary:isolated
thoughtlessly:carelessly
performer:the person responsible for
flair:elegance
test:investigation
warmer:radiator
Wolf:consume
mournful:woeful
amid:among
swollen:inflamed
headphone:earphone
impossibly:hopelessly
short:dumpy
renter:tenant
chubby:plump
petulant:grouchy
Orient:adjust
stout:solid
unrepentant:not sorry
fund's:burial
promise:guarantee
ornate:lavish
rowdy:unruly
undemonstrative:unemotional
In:indoors
slough:bog
atypical:weird
currently:presently
humorless:solemn
station:locate
expel:exorcise
constant:continual
weatherproof:heavy-duty
ridding:expulsion
plunderer:burglar
expense's:fixed cost
campaigner:champion
deride:disparage
big:good
pennant:ensign
backslide:slip back
unselfish:noble
spirit:apparition
Tut:flap
gloomily:glumly
move:rearrange
devoted:attentive
commandeer:appropriate
qualified:competent
pliable:supple
commiserate:pity
removal:amputation
disadvantage:shortcoming
repudiation:negation
sodden:wet through
indoor:internal
turned:bowed
stash:heap
Long:stretched
faintness:quietness
clever:intelligent
fainthearted:cowardly
importance:meaning
aim:seek
Hope:optimism
strike:run into
futon:daybed
Mark:correct
joint:linkage
evasiveness:shiftiness
sprawl:cover
draw:take
disruptive:disrupting
impel:push
present:put on
Grace:decorate
concession:refreshment stand
liaise:mediate
fester:be annoying
flatter:compliment
assumption:supposition
temperate:moderate
babble:nonsense
incline:tilt
losers:scum
infirmary:sickbay
dimness:faintness
distributor:point
cry:blubber
arm:branch
distinctively:idiosyncratically
severely:strictly
lonesome:without a friend in the world
requirement:constraint
nosebleed:blood loss
dark:sinister
bushy:luxuriant
parish:township
prance:swan
illuminating:helpful
retrench:make economies
buff:rub
impalpable:shadowy
nearest:next
chronically:persistently
Garner:collect
maddened:irritated
derail:upset
disappear:depart
afloat:floating
commercial:trade
first:primary
jettison:throw away
vagrant:wandering
suspicion:skepticism
guarantee:warranty
rind:outer layer
tape:tie
stick:twig
immaturity:juvenile behavior
hullabaloo:hubbub
circulation:movement
despairingly:desperately
pedigree:history
dry:dehydrate
immeasurable:huge
Sweet:pleasant
Green:gullible
garret:upper floor
oppressive:sticky
acquisitive:avid
misstep:slip
ridge:pleat
translate:render
flaming:fierce
overhanging:incomplete
riotous:rebellious
fighters:armed services
shelf:rock shelf
wearisome:tiresome
multilateral:mutual
genuflect:bow to
tortuous:winding
model:type
attack:disagree with
discern:observe
intimidate:overawe
disprove:controvert
associate:business partner
improbability:doubtfulness
dissension:dissent
leading:principal
office:task
Lodge:take lodgings
introduce:launch
replicate:photocopy
impose:necessitate
thermos:hip flask
scheme:chart
gaudily:vividly
amuse:keep amused
Huff:gasp
chorister:singer
tasteful:stylish
deficient:not up to scratch
egoistic:insensitive
touchstone:criterion
glazed:varnished
glamorous:glittering
bauble:ornament
indisposed:under the weather
devote:heap
ranger:steward
rudeness:insolence
cupidity:rapacity
suppurate:snivel
dinner:banquet
exuberantly:rowdily
powerfully:intensely
breathtaking:magnificent
measured:exact
token:gesture
fatness:plumpness
balance:stay poised
mores:civilization
discouraging:gloomy
eatery:dining hall
form:system
odorous:fragrant
cloisters:pergola
unnumbered:unmarked
unending:everlasting
burrow:channel
dissemination:propagation
easy:tranquil
imprint's:stream
habituated:used to
compatible:matching
Art:ability
wilted:floppy
adieu:commencement address
ether:the air
briefcase:case
disbelieving:not persuaded
measure's:procedures
suppose:pretend
story:item
digress:go off on a tangent
reverse:switch
riveted:engrossed
cassette:tape
gruesome:macabre
pleasantness:friendliness
recognized:accepted
deprecating:belittling
grate:shred
complex:hang-up
weld:joint
starched:decorous
inconstancy:infidelity
fumigate:sterilize
amalgamate:merge
hatch:emerge
uncensored:equal
buff:burnish
deep:sonorous
ultra:especially
regard:see
plume:curl
civilization:culture
catching:easily spread
we'll:acceptably
after:taking into consideration
maim:mutilate
devout:religious
big:massive
fatally:mortally
Gray:melancholy
tolling:din
nomadic:drifting
importance:value
Grace:charm
inform:update
boob:slip-up
berate:speak angrily to
apostle:supporter
unacceptably:inappropriately
network:arrangement
creditably:admirably
spangled:shiny
frugally:meagerly
equivalence:correspondence
atrocious:brutal
valor:fearlessness
delay:pause
contusion:shiner
thing:mania
NOW:at this time
imperceptible:unrevealed
bard:versifier
remember:dredge up
anguished:tormented
through:in the course of
headway:advance
places:spaces
loathe:abhor
suitcase:valise
abomination:outrage
cheap:tightfisted
impulsively:impetuously
by:in
unattainable:impossible
pathetically:pitifully
awry:off-center
barricade:lock up
hoops:jewelry
tine:thorn
purging:riddance
drink:knock back
decoy:distraction
brutally:harshly
layperson:proletarian
muddy:filthy
melodious:tuneful
harmonized:synchronized
disturbing:unsettling
Bill:check
notepaper:notebook
strike:industrial action
redolent:aromatic
flamboyant:glitzy
demobilize:demob
narrowly:hardly
christening:inauguration
fang:pointed tooth
submerge:engulf
pile:mass
unacceptably:incorrectly
weighty:influential
invariable:constant
Sweet:accommodating
lurch:heave
together:in sync
ringleader:gang leader
fad:vogue
implicate:bring in
ideal:moral value
repugnant:foul
doggerel:rhyme
downgrade:demote
reflect:point toward
around:more or less
mendacious:untruthful
Goliath:elephant
swarm:crowd
face:meet
side:characteristic
fixture's:equipment
desperation:extreme anxiety
peculiarly:strangely
equivalent:equal
Gale:gust
assume:think
unbeliever:doubter
epithet:description
jumpy:nervous
promise:word
smack:spank
tempest:storm
indicate:point toward
done:ready
interdependent:inter-reliant
meet:come across
delegate:give
impatience:rashness
furnish:give
Nestle:cuddle up
central:fundamental
conclusively:decisively
worry:anxiety
vindictive:bitter
flippant:dismissive
swivel:revolve
multifarious:miscellaneous
exhalation:inhalation
valid:authenticate
Villa:log cabin
initially:to begin with
cursorily:perfunctorily
sweetness:friendliness
lumber:weigh down
bespoke:custom-made
tenet:principle
vanity:egotism
firepower:armaments
reduction:decrease
doggedness:perseverance
combined:joint
demonstrate:give a demonstration
found:originate
omnipotent:supreme
filling:substantial
cart:haul
nonsense:garbage
umpire:referee
including:as well as
consort:group
base:immoral
perform:go
statistics:data
dwindle:reduce
each:all
profusion:abundance
opposite:reverse
harrying:maltreatment
dispassionate:unruffled
phony:false
whimsy:castle in the sky
variation:deviation
dispatch:kill
Mark:blot
slosh:slop
deep:profound
typeface:letters
jowl:chin
sense's:sanity
reimbursement:damages
pickup:jump back in
hoarse:guttural
moor:tie up
shackle:thwart
forage:search
Long:time-consuming
stopgap:temporary solution
reasonableness:fairness
barricade:defense
shame:degrade
concern:have to do with
unsettle:unnerve
attrition:abrasion
bring:earn
unflinching:fearless
unlikelihood:implausibility
honoring:glorification
vie:contend
occasional:sporadic
irk:trouble
disallow:reject
anarchism:mayhem
coffer:chest
crudely:offensively
rule:preside over
famous:illustrious
deceit:falseness
parasite:leech
stopover:break in your journey
aloofness:remoteness
kinship:similarity
commonplace:trite
solve:get to the bottom of
fluidity:flexibility
Chance:opening
repository:warehouse
madcap:wacky
impervious:inflexible
cleft:crevice
deplete:run down
remote:faraway
hirsute:shaggy
air:tone
claim:request
Dare:gamble
generality:oversimplification
gain:improvement
unbend:relax
forebears:family tree
unattainable:unfeasible
sad:cheerless
underweight:underfed
advance:develop
jurisdiction:power
chilling:scary
hijacker:captor
traitor:double agent
mayhem:disorder
codicil:supplement
neighborly:caring
laughingly:giddily
etching:drawing
damage:harm
feud:fight
slicker:waterproof
plug:mass
clan:people
Head:lead
confusing:perplexing
establishment:the system
print:motif
popularly:usually
select:restricted
festering:off
banishment:eviction
dullness:drabness
preferment:promotion
freelance:ad hoc
value:merit
publicity:promotion
Pole:limit
related:associated
drink:lap up
effect's:special effects
joined:fixed
reenact:rebuild
track:footprint
concoct:put together
scrabble:fumble
snatched:quick
ease:improve
invariable:rigid
convex:u-shaped
dignified:regal
tiff:quarrel
engrave:score
dishonestly:corruptly
avoidable:not inevitable
brazen:shameless
harmoniously:pleasantly
wastefully:uneconomically
toady:fawn on
concern:affair
maternity:motherliness
Short:midstream
maximum:ceiling
highest:supreme
losing:behind
hefty:heavy
pack:haversack
inward:in
cherished:dear
dryly:sarcastically
depository:bank
ground:minced
stingy:parsimonious
vendetta:series of attacks
respect:comply with
hector:harass
check:confirm
theatrically:overdramatically
genesis:start
flimflam:blather
cogent:sound
mixed:assorted
prod:jab
diplomatically:cautiously
ado:objection
core:interior
mouthpiece:delegate
decoration's:streamer
reason:basis
slat:plank
pucker:gather
seasoned:hardened
Beard:mustache
accrue:increase
episodic:periodic
cleanliness:purity
incorrect:indelicate
web:maze
sited:positioned
uprising:mutiny
Noble:aristocrat
disapproval:censure
guess:deduce
unmistakable:instantly recognizable
offensive:unpleasant
unsavory:objectionable
robustness:strength
depraved:dissolute
financial:monetary
tributary:stream
folio:piece of paper
ashamedly:apologetically
vividly:keenly
spouse:husband
mash:squash
further:expand
convince:sway
untested:novel
fumble:muddle up
disjointing:disconnection
Wall:roadblock
sheathe:bind
divide:cause a rift
loam:clay
bucketing:rainy
heartbreaking:heartrending
rain:deluge
fancy:fantasy
presentable:reasonable
surprised:flabbergasted
crassness:cheapness
practically:rationally
pigeonhole:label
meet:assemble
jotting:scrawl
vaccinate:protect
Singer:lead singer
altered:changed
surprise:flabbergast
experience:skill
charge:price
harmonious:agreeable
amplification:increase
fatherhood:fatherliness
banishment:deportation
create:construct
crabbily:gruffly
shaft:duct
project:fling
falsify:lie
overambitious:dynamic
bring:pass
detriment:damage
circumflex:acute accent
benefactor:sponsor
portliness:stoutness
heavy:minder
oceangoing:maritime
traveler:tourist
audaciousness:cheek
bombard:shell
boggy:wet
procure:get hold of
inequity:unfairness
stupid:dim
luxuriantly:abundantly
edifying:enriching
support:encourage
warring:military
crackle:hiss
forgetfully:inattentively
war:confrontation
sureness:certainty
bright:intense
lodging's:digs
shoddy:rotten
flecked:speckled
flank:edge
invent:formulate
common:familiar
prompt:without delay
operate:work
accompaniment:auxiliary
Rocky:inconstant
austere:rigorous
strongly:resiliently
possibility:chance
pranks:trouble
verve:vigor
indiscriminately:haphazardly
flee:run away
significant:noteworthy
term:idiom
majority:difference
solemnly:seriously
pious:goody-goody
unending:eternal
firm:fixed
interesting:motivating
end:stop
pave:overlay
profanation:deviation
occur:suggest itself
overweight:hefty
onslaught:attack
thought:concept
baleful:threatening
links:family
collection:gathering
frills:superfluities
ensure:make certain
overrunning:overrun
test:experiment
groovy:harmonious
uncultivated:uncultured
hypnotic:magnetic
mouth:mime
discomfort:tenderness
powerful:influential
contending:challenging
saturated:wet through
galore:in abundance
thought:thinking
waste:spare
revelry:carousing
outmaneuver:outsmart
hatch:inlay
soberness:severity
cantankerous:complaining
parsimonious:cost-conscious
fierceness:severity
inviting:tempting
hatch:engrave
pleasing:pleasant
report:boom
discomforting:thwarting
leaky:permeable
compose:marshal
fairly:somewhat
nod:sign
affairs:dealings
disembodied:incorporeal
transfer:move
space:interval
fine:sufficient
energetic:bouncy
leafy:thriving
litigation:proceedings
gristly:fibrous
sonorous:loud
fussiness:conscientiousness
hone:improve
admonishment:telling off
huff:mood
easy:cool
touring:doing a tour
take:bear
methodology:method
legalization:substantiation
apprentice:beginner
sanctum:workroom
commoner's:hoi polloi
gyrating:circling
aplomb:ease
underdog:runner up
sprayer:atomizer
worker:employee
magic:magnetism
urbanity:culture
call:yell
persecution:hounding
unfit:flabby
kind:nice
down:out of order
omen:sign
rotary:turning
lamenting:plaintive
irritability:tetchiness
gloss:interpretation
lap:tour
disprove:invalidate
retort:reply angrily
semi:half
waning:weakening
soft:mellow
Mandarin:bureaucrat
stymied:thwarted
draft:sign up
tallying:adding
entwined:matted
martial:warlike
love:fancy
rebuke:censure
dampness:succulence
unhurried:casual
preemptive:defensive
exuberance:enthusiasm
antagonism:aggression
cement:reinforce
riddle:question
cheapen:lower the tone
guileful:clever
charged:stimulating
extra:luxury
model:style
trundle:trail
wallop:thump
natural:biological
sneer:mock
attentive:devoted
pitiless:harsh
bid:tender
interest:significance
lecture:reprimand
consultative:advice-giving
busybody:big mouth
significance:importance
unvoiced:tacit
brandish:flaunt
powerfully:strongly
congeniality:geniality
declaim:make a speech
section:segment
grime:soot
deform:buckle
fade:become lighter
impressionable:suggestible
unthinkingly:impulsively
specific:certain
increase:intensification
dwindling:decreasing
trimming:garnish
fortune:opulence
mean:portend
disjointed:lacking coherence
groggy:dizzy
fluffiness:flimsiness
lovingly:fondly
groggy:dazed
disappear:ebb
ferociously:ragingly
mover:carter
prove:bear out
interweave:link
affairs:interaction
humbug:insincerity
foment:drum up
scorn:contempt
implacably:hardheartedly
allure:magnetism
reserved:shy
bad:severe
nosedive:tumble
true:genuine
vindication:absolution
push:boost
swarm:throng
fund's:finances
tax:tariff
total:count up
great:unlimited
chiefly:primarily
spellbinding:magnetic
filler:packing
alive:booming
decrease:dwindle
diligently:carefully
lip's:orifice
turbulently:violently
want:would like
defensive:shifty
chaotically:excitedly
aspirant:applicant
packet:carton
veneer:show
evenhanded:fair
object:oppose
professed:perceived
erupt:hit the roof
document:article
bard:poet
heckling:hissing
chaff:josh
animated:vibrant
refresher:reminder
gentleness:placidness
booth:stall
brash:foolhardy
stratagem:plot
drapery:textile
joyful:glad
afterlife:next world
dominion:command
cleverness:adeptness
restrict:limit
malevolently:malignly
chomp:bite on
monsoon:cloudburst
social:do
mindlessness:madness
isle:atoll
name:specify
light:ignite
contingency:possibility
catch:obstacle
hotly:ardently
exactness:strictness
mosaic:mixture
display:parade
humorously:comically
turnout:become
coincidentally:accidentally
visible:detectable
creatively:imaginatively
unfriendliness:coldness
investor:sponsor
lineup:side
young:children
connected:attached
gripes:stomach pain
form:formula
crumble:surrender
Mark's:inscription
overthrow:bring down
wallow:lurch
unspeakable:horrendous
fruitlessly:unrewardingly
Stout:brave
form:materialize
we'll:fortunate
equipment:paraphernalia
reverie:dream
undemonstrative:apathetic
turbulent:disordered
drive:hammer
purring:hum
straddle:span
Peel:husk
accession:concurrence
strikingly:noticeably
overawe:scare
mineral:stone
magnitude:significance
driving:dynamic
laughably:absurdly
poignantly:movingly
serendipitous:chance
aggressiveness:antagonism
squat:dumpy
tariff:import tax
bloom:blossom
figure:numeral
conquered:dominated
chronically:unremittingly
tenuously:a little
juncture:stage
irrevocable:irretrievable
unmentionable:proscribed
hushed:silent
hoarse:throaty
allow:tolerate
ceremonial:ritual
shroud:veil
disobey:refuse to comply
Buddy:partner
achiever:doer
warder:zoo keeper
cohesion:consistency
boos:heckling
persuasiveness:articulacy
vim:spirit
home:domestic
compunction:second thoughts
disruptive:troublemaking
sugary:syrupy
adolescence:teens
skipper:person in charge
alter:adjust
strong:dazzling
rebelliousness:sedition
interrelated:solid
flourish:prosper
pepper:shower
OK:reasonable
voguish:up-to-the-minute
lesson:session
reversal:hitch
esplanade:boulevard
deficit:insufficiency
incidentally:by the by
inaugurate:install
miniature:diminutive
indelibly:for always
erode:grind down
vivacity:sparkle
cord:thread
answer:satisfy
thoughtlessly:heedlessly
August:majestic
individualist:nonconformist
docile:unassuming
chance's:odds
cog's:mechanism
squat:thick
withdraw:extract
suspect:mistrust
lie:laze
turkey:washout
speckled:dappled
ado:upheaval
pick:pluck
pushiness:perseverance
refinery:factory
shabbiness:grunginess
production:fabrication
lewd:rude
keystone:foundation
gruesomely:horrifically
reverence:awe
telecast:broadcast
extinguish:turn off
detracting:skeptical
unhurried:easygoing
May:may possibly
antic's:actions
elective:voluntary
dozing:lethargic
distribute:share out
superseding:paramount
reaction:end result
pugnacious:contentious
luminosity:light
deign:lower yourself
exquisite:intense
mountaintop:peak
harmonious:matching
backache:pain in your back
repellent:impermeable
debar:prohibit
combatant:fighter
menial:basic
offer:suggestion
prolix:verbose
timidly:shyly
handy:helpful
middle:inside
weaken:reduce
blossom:bud
industrial:trade
raw:crude
emulsion:liquid
workplace:bureau
we'll:fit
frill:decoration
confession:statement
exhilarating:thrilling
avaricious:greedy
freedom:self-determination
soften:temper
effects:personal property
bumbling:shambling
whenever:when
article:critique
centennial:bicentenary
unwillingly:against your better judgment
superlative:top
random:casual
roundup:arrest
meaningful:telling
grilling:examination
picture:model
idea:picture
nonconformist:alternative
queer:unexpected
inanimate:listless
fluffiness:fleeciness
myriad:countless
untwist:loosen
instinctively:impulsively
surprised:stunned
solidness:firmness
festivity:gaiety
unhurried:dawdling
quietness:quiet
afterglow:feel-good factor
PIN:stick
flue:pipe
gooey:runny
willowy:supple
decry:condemn
impoverishment:penury
quantity:amount
shockingly:appallingly
dimness:indistinctness
road:way
shortly:briskly
uncertainties:suspicions
shaggy:hairy
espy:discern
bulky:massive
thin:slender
lift:relax
root:ransack
firsthand:from the horse's mouth
sill:shelf
headquarters:control center
tallying:accumulation
hatch:produce
disappear:expire
infuriatingly:irritatingly
disgrace:degrade
abstain:give up
lie:stop
responsibility:duty
Cliff:crag
guarantee:assure
narrator:teller of tales
totaling:tallying
flat:unequivocally
raw:chilly
unobserved:unnoticed
fruitlessly:ineffectively
creativity:imagination
barrenness:emptiness
conquering:exultant
defiant:insolent
antiseptic:unexciting
extract:dig up
cock:raise
wraparound:twist
talk:utter
untangle:untie
livelihood:employment
demeaning:corrupting
astound:astonish
shipwrecked:high and dry
lariat:noose
monies:dues
plunk:place
slack:drooping
gumbo:broth
tell:advise
tangibly:really
ulterior:mysterious
incorrigible:irredeemable
vileness:evil
shut:close up
pelt:covering
healthy:wholesome
documents:papers
phone:handset
brochure:leaflet
pass:dispatch
Lodge:small house
implement:put into action
therefore:as a result
leftover:free
press:prosecute
combine:trust
tirelessly:industriously
instantaneous:direct
produce:give
hear:pick up
quiver:shudder
expressionless:unreadable
loutish:ill-mannered
allegory:story
builder:planner
haughtiness:pride
form:manner
respite:breathing space
boob:slip up
mediator:umpire
list:make a list
misunderstanding:misconstruction
kibbutz:community
statement:testimony
maturity:reliability
mortar:big gun
just:only
finish:close
well:now then
grind:gnash
permissive:unfettered
prodigious:giant
ignite:stir
ineffectual:weak
transport:delight
unswerving:unwavering
visionary:prophetic
mind:thoughts
relaxation:easing
shamed:humiliated
grievous:serious
set:obstinate
fruitlessly:vainly
alight:ablaze
handsome:abundant
justly:understandably
authentication:certification
speaking:discourse
invisible:intangible
knobby:contorted
notepaper:block
attrition:slow destruction
comment:point out
ruthless:brutal
part:measurement
reception:gathering
calling:work
lessee:leaseholder
tiredness:fatigue
awkward:ungainly
vindictiveness:unkindness
independent:individual
well:to a great degree
over:ended
alone:lonely
uneven:potholed
stinging:hard
pious:dutiful
treacherous:unfaithful
little:petty
annul:cancel
run:go on
dormant:sleeping
prudent:cautious
etch:score
animate:stimulate
videotape:cassette
waste:trash
temerity:boldness
transitional:midway
positive:clear-cut
while:bit
mail:correspondence
expatiate:elaborate
secret:hush-hush
unification:fusion
gleeful:jovial
trawl:dig around
prosper:burgeon
accumulation:buildup
conglomeration:hodgepodge
prolific:teeming
antagonistically:destructively
pessimism:distrust
eavesdrop:pry
excitedly:elatedly
lead:pilot
revealed:naked
elated:on cloud nine
malignantly:vindictively
celebratory:triumphant
custodian:warden
hot:strong
intelligible:logical
minor:small
gooey:glutinous
woebegone:despairing
penurious:stingy
belittle:disparage
road:street
cogs:workings
joint:mutual
unmatched:incomparable
heckler:attacker
petite:diminutive
windowsill:projection
feasible:possible
Madden:annoy
bragging:vain
peacefulness:passivity
in:indoors
confer:consult
allure:draw
glib:slick
hemorrhage:steady flow
commissioner:administrator
dynamism:energy
highbrow:one of the literati
participation:contribution
forgotten:elapsed
democratic:free
campaign:work
parched:your throat is dry
stultify:muffle
thyme:parsley
gregariousness:conviviality
whirlwind:short-lived
power:entitlement
blistered:scalded
refocus:progress
caging:confinement
unceremonious:callous
expend:spend
worry:unease
therapeutic:salutary
cede:abandon
breeziness:cheerfulness
join:form a junction with
rupture:break
thoughtfully:meditatively
double:stand-in
tautly:firmly
rehearse:go over
awfulness:dreadfulness
quarter:sector
shamefaced:humiliated
corpulence:portliness
cheapness:shoddiness
cutters:nail clippers
principled:moral
green:immature
fevered:feverish
fancied:all in the mind
hurried:quick
mirth:entertainment
laceration:gash
speciously:incorrectly
any:one
shrewdly:astutely
decked:decorated
tremor:quake
simultaneous:synchronized
slightly:a little
serious:major
aggregate:amass
buddies:partners
broaden:become wider
unconventionally:strangely
inflexibility:dogmatism
luck:fortune
high:from head to foot
kickback:softener
proletariat:workers
denouncement:denigration
visionary:prophet
crisis:predicament
key:type
plumb:sound
paragon:shining example
sign:marker
ordain:command
row:disagree
definitive:classic
mode:form
salesperson:peddler
repose:calm
pickup:become familiar with
Chimera:figment of your imagination
impatiently:impulsively
writing:letters
tactile:perceptible
occupy:entertain
ail:affect
coy:demure
feeling:sympathy
tangled:tousled
individualist:eccentric
merit:deserve
rapidly:hurriedly
hoot:toot
hold:storage space
late:delayed
gall:audacity
whenever:when
mantle:role
RIP:split
rehabilitation:analysis
culpability:blameworthiness
hemorrhage:outflow
delicacy:care
responsible:liable
timorous:fearful
doorstep:doorway
recognizably:noticeably
ethic's:moral code
peerless:without equal
deplore:bewail
Buck:challenge
delicacy:fluidity
reviled:loathed
agency:organization
urbane:debonair
resentment:hatred
available:free
tautness:stiffness
sturdy:steadfast
serene:placid
kindly:thoughtful
Kit:stuff
battalion:mob
impetus:will
absolute:unmovable
glowingly:brilliantly
denounce:blame
appetizing:delicious
unveil:undrape
suffuse:flood
resonance:tone
ferret:search out
spongy:springy
unroll:stretch out
Huff:puff
degree:extent
impeccably:perfectly
respectability:uprightness
wear:scuff
symbol:representation
pause:spend a long time at
geologically:biologically
faintness:dimness
heart:feeling
pillow:prop up
fiber:grain
bodywork:hulk
hope:aspiration
superintend:manage
immediate:instant
flick:brush
reincarnate:reawaken
after:gone
productively:industriously
exhilarating:enlivening
collapse:fail
concerning:pertaining to
perfume:body spray
penetration:discernment
rigorously:severely
merit:warrant
way:means
doorway:entry
abandonment:leaving behind
brawn:muscles
plug:publicize
apostate:traitor
dishearten:sadden
repugnant:repulsive
soft:delicate
impolitely:coarsely
irrevocable:permanent
thankless:unappreciated
straight:immediately
irrevocably:permanently
providentially:advantageously
flay:condemn
weighty:significant
difficult:problematical
spirited:high-spirited
reproach:rebuke
dedicated:fanatical
pool:lake
bandage:strap up
harass:be a nuisance
note:observe
debit:withdraw
raggedy:frayed
stifle:repress
hastily:rapidly
surrendering:concession
peek:glance
stupendous:wonderful
oxidize:corrode
Sibyl:parapsychologist
unsteadily:shakily
refractory:noncompliant
acquire:purchase
hygienic:sanitary
serve:dole out
wire's:ropes
investiture:inauguration
durable:enduring
pick:single out
magpie:collector
affiliation:connection
figurine:ornament
lying:deceit
soar:rise
starting:first
dipstick:measure
cacophonous:harsh
load:encumber
dependability:soundness
bonanza:top prize
discover:locate
propitious:favorable
restraints:irons
fearlessly:heroically
disinter:uncover
godsend:boon
different:various
library:annals
roast:cook
disparity:inconsistency
mischievously:playfully
rivet:press-stud
saturate:flood
higher:advanced
penetrate:go through
mouthpiece:representative
bad:shoddy
fugitive:escapee
achieve:pull off
model:form
locked:safe and sound
desertion:discarding
solicit:ask for
diction:articulation
favoritism:preferential treatment
unprofessional:dishonorable
thoughtfulness:selflessness
threadbare:boring
deadliness:tiresomeness
sale:transaction
split:tear
tangible:concrete
fatigue:low energy
loudly:at the top of your voice
staunchly:unfalteringly
baldness:directness
swollen:enlarged
become:suit
indiscreet:reckless
cohort's:followers
endemic:rife
active:energetic
assume:take on
dwindle:fade away
swish:whisper
festive:celebratory
obsequiousness:fawning
conciliate:soothe
template:outline
remnants:miscellany
veritable:authentic
veiled:disguised
lucky:fluky
gallantry:politeness
dilute:temper
unwillingness:opposition
discourse:discussion
resounding:unambiguous
facility:capacity
serve:work
ossify:coalesce
steal:good deal
incite:spur
really:in reality
straggler:dawdler
opposite:differing
tweaking:amendment
masquerade:pretense
utmost:extreme
wryly:matter-of-factly
oaf:lout
attract:invite
suggest:imply
truthfully:openly
oafish:uncultured
assuage:ease
insomniac:disturbed
vindication:exoneration
earnest:strong
royally:magnificently
crease:crumple
gibbering:raging
unguarded:indiscreet
bristle:spike
social:societal
underworld:criminal
mass:dimension
contaminant:impurity
preying:aggressive
perplexed:confused
light:bright
oath:curse
rehearse:repeat
inconsiderateness:inattentiveness
unhappily:discontentedly
limerick:rhyme
partnership:relationship
notice:notification
recap:reiterate
uncontrollably:frenziedly
reclamation:repossession
jaw's:lips
hangings:drapes
use:help
comprehensive:complete
drearily:depressingly
veto:forbid
imperil:jeopardize
waxen:wan
lucidly:clearly
thing's:stuff
moneymaking:worthwhile
queasy:doubtful
guiltily:sneakily
attack:commencement of hostilities
suffocating:disgusting
pariah:recluse
uncivilized:vulgar
unhealthful:unwholesome
stampede:rush
propensity:susceptibility
civilizing:enlightening
stomp:clomp
ferociously:wildly
scrap:abandon
sharp:sour
favor:support
choppy:jerky
scissors:nail clippers
bound:obligated
augment:enlarge
viciously:ferociously
eternally:evermore
incursion:storming
percolate:leach
unseemliness:bad behavior
flimflam:drivel
stupidly:unwisely
apprehend:capture
theory:notion
organized:systematic
inconsiderate:uncharitable
subsection:paragraph
captive:fascinated
antediluvian:ancient
scolding:caution
reconnaissance:exploration
Sharp:tart
over:on top of
dock:stop
oust:get rid of
bulkiness:mass
pigment:dye
grumpy:cantankerous
rarely:infrequently
squeak:yelp
Parliament:house of representatives
discount:ignore
catch:arrest
print:imprint
convalescence:period of recovery
piquant:strong
abnormality:malfunction
residue:remainder
seller:supplier
groundbreaking:inventive
relevance:weight
own:own up
stay:reside
kink:crick
modestly:diffidently
reproachful:stern
furrow:contract
bungling:ham-fisted
scalding:blistering
canker:corruption
blue's:melancholy
license:lawlessness
overpowered:overwhelmed
claim:request
significance:substance
Pace:velocity
impelled:prompted
eviscerate:fillet
terms:stipulations
borough:region
pureness:wholesomeness
picturesque:striking
dirge:requiem
nod:doze off
ply:work with
plunder:ill-gotten gains
requirement's:necessities
tearful:emotional
ensign:banner
fundamental:primary
enmesh:catch up
count:reckon
blot:stigma
aboveboard:legal
powerful:commanding
bane:pest
blackout:shutdown
keenness:enthusiasm
motorcade:demo
schoolgirl:youngster
incoherently:incomprehensibly
lackadaisical:lazy
emptiness:barrenness
period:stage
bristle:brim
foresee:divine
convention:conference
Darling:dear
rediscover:experience again
going:departing
jaundiced:jaded
combination:mixture
wagon:railway wagon
vileness:awfulness
freewheel:sail
delegate:detail
amphitheater:arena
unashamedly:brazenly
remorseless:compassionless
salaried:rewarded
figure:shape
Max:sail through
infuriate:exasperate
video:capture on tape
unpaid:in arrears
form:kind
ashy:pasty
ineffectual:incompetent
disarrangement:messiness
enough:as much as necessary
Yank:tug
fogginess:obscurity
facilities:conveniences
foresee:foretell
Major:most important
subdue:tame
spice:zing
jolliness:joviality
dent:indentation
revoltingly:grossly
patch:space
imprudent:hasty
wand:baton
sustenance:nutrition
lift:uplift
exercise:working out
plop:drop
migrant:wanderer
kowtow:obey the rules
spell:indicate
report:turn up
bound:unavoidable
unforeseen:unexpected
decomposing:sour
intrude:impose
colonnade:row of pillars
stylish:elegant
acme:top
pistol:handgun
teaching:doctrine
disobedient:noncompliant
tyrannize:bully
branch:branch off
obdurate:unbending
cloudy:opaque
single:only
subservient:meek
pounce:jump
sparkler:rocket
weave:careen
presage:bode
lift:brighten
sheet:pane
conspicuously:noticeably
frightful:terrible
flora:plants
pullet:hen
broken:busted
absently:negligently
regroup:rearrange
offensive:insulting
extend:widen
gain:increase
side:fringe
tenable:protected
audacious:risky
physical:tangible
well:efficiently
wager:stake
sweetly:pleasingly
highest:main
chain:fasten together
landowner:proprietor
mosey:drift
explicit:open
rubbish:junk
impulsiveness:impetuosity
knit:join
Tell:recount
evasive:vague
succeed:turn out well
rough:bumpy
folklore:legends
level:equal height
ramble:hike
type:brand
theatrically:exaggeratedly
moving:pathetic
funny:weird
unloose:loose
gadget:doohickey
retailing:transaction
fulcrum:pivot
premier:leader
lessened:narrowed
judicial:sensible
seaplane:airplane
typescript:font
glum:sad
skeptical:doubtful
note:take note of
flaking:peeling
knockout:sensation
probe:explore
arterial:main
greatness:significance
propound:set out
seared:scorched
recommence:resume
irregular:crooked
devolution:transference
quagmire:sticky situation
sedating:painkilling
examine:test
lovesick:pining
still:nonetheless
feel:sensation
repugnance:revulsion
resplendently:wonderfully
phlegmatic:indifferent
bleached:washed-out
practically:all but
future:coming
communication:transfer
powerhouse:source of power
darkly:dismally
gallery:arcade
bushwhack:hold up
principles:main beliefs
blue:sapphire
serve:supply
veal:chicken
combine:association
copy:replica
change:revolution
spread:smear
drollness:comedy
loudly:brashly
counterfeit:forge
bad:dreadful
succeed:follow
remind:jog your memory
range:choice
deafening:riotous
represent:act for
sparkle:flicker
mini:tiny
stormily:emotionally
minute's:log
hairless:shaved
glaring:brilliant
estranged:alienated
sensitive:easily hurt
hamper:hold back
assuage:diminish
pitiably:pitifully
sonnet:epic
annals:chronicles
truthfully:straight
standout:be prominent
insignificance:inconsequentiality
smartness:neatness
Dodge:move away
starkly:harshly
principle:assumption
afterward:next
reputable:well thought-of
stiletto:scalpel
sensationally:histrionically
clean:vacuum
massive:gigantic
influence:talk into
produced:shaped
wreathe:twist
obedience:duty
only:solitary
droplet:dewdrop
usage:management
hamstring:cramp
painful:upsetting
blockade:barrier
feel:impression
unstated:unspoken
accept:consent
cantankerously:gruffly
tenderly:caringly
nomenclature:categorization
immaculately:perfectly
produce:emit
uncontaminated:clean
underprivileged:unfortunate
plunder:stolen goods
impoverished:bankrupt
nocturnally:by night
sooner:nearer
secret:cloak-and-dagger
asceticism:harshness
roughly:violently
edifice:construction
tract:leaflet
Masses:lots
grubbiness:dinginess
metamorphose:transform
loony:loopy
distrust:have misgivings about
effect's:belongings
tape:ribbon
traveling:roving
overtake:leave behind
good:excellent
felicitous:lucky
articulate:speak clearly
vitriolic:caustic
anesthetic:analgesic
grungy:dilapidated
pestering:nuisance
cog:part
waterfront:water's edge
reemerge:come back
intrigue:plot
mat:table mat
game:resolute
exert:apply
crook:felon
bleak:uninviting
serve:serve up
reclaimed:cultivated
throughout:all through
open:undo
phonograph:record player
Young:undeveloped
fulfillment:performance
stipulation:demand
misunderstanding:difference of opinion
action:warfare
deputize:act as deputy
maternal:tender
tartly:sarcastically
infestation:plague
umbrage:offense
antiseptic:colorless
shadowy:obscure
Commons:playground
nosiness:inquisitiveness
clank:bang
under:underneath
finicky:fastidious
despondently:glumly
sullenness:grouchiness
stylishness:chic
definitely:unquestionably
stockbroker:insurance broker
medium:method
haunting:recurring
homework:grounding
ready:quick
raggedy:tattered
granule:particle
unobtrusively:inconspicuously
conversation:dialogue
crevice:fissure
weightiness:importance
pollute:contaminate
muster:congregate
untruth:lie
expensive:steep
author:writer
youthful:young-looking
gorge:gullet
mountaineer:climber
culture:urbanity
creativity:resourcefulness
divergence:conflict
yellowing:bruising
dry:emotionless
confound:stun
didactic:edifying
uneventful:dull
judge:critic
satirical:humorous
misgiving's:qualms
weirdly:fascinatingly
insulate:segregate
unashamedly:boldly
stopper:lid
pleasurable:delightful
deform:collapse
diamond:shape
common:ordinary
flagrant:deliberate
openhanded:altruistic
celebrations:revelry
unlike:not like
softhearted:tender
abrupt:sharp
capon:pullet
Communist:communalist
swindling:double-crossing
neighborly:hospitable
nastily:unpleasantly
classy:tasteful
indistinct:inarticulate
whitewash:rout
undoubted:sure
moldy:musty
accost:approach
pedigree:bloodline
distrust:doubt
well:admirably
lift:feeling of excitement
jewel:precious stone
vulgar:offensive
balm:solace
resilient:hardy
raw:green
steadfast:loyal
chopper:ax
joyousness:happiness
jumpy:sudden
representative:descriptive
derive:get
inhumanity:brutality
before:previously
carry:transmit
persecutor:tormenter
trash:wreck
domain:sphere of influence
perfunctory:token
fable:legend
decoy:ensnare
persnickety:pernickety
quaintly:peculiarly
potent:compelling
deeply:sincerely
reload:stock up
dogmatism:rigidity
goon:keep on
warring:militaristic
push:advocate
thinly:sparsely
slew:slide
on:lying on
involved:convoluted
scrambled:twisted
display:exhibit
suspect:think
aristocrat:noble
stanchion:column
killjoy:misery
Passover:let go
roving:itinerant
laudable:courageous
stony:unsympathetic
reach:get hold of
moot:unsettled
blip:malfunction
acrobatic:athletic
lush:plush
freeloader:scrounger
flashy:flash
slam:pan
hodgepodge:mishmash
embossing:trimming
hangout:consort
camouflaged:cloaked
conformist:orthodox
tawdry:showy
clumsily:awkwardly
decadent:immoral
freshness:purity
pucker:crumple
paradoxically:strangely enough
foment:encourage
cuffs:shackles
sanction:permission
cleanliness:spotlessness
scoff:ridicule
labor:sweat
invalid:untrue
reclusive:ascetic
marquee:exhibition area
obnoxiously:offensively
Innocent:blameless
respectively:correspondingly
soggy:mushy
jumble:mess
glamorous:sophisticated
stringency:strictness
Good:gain
dismay:sadness
idealization:respect
proposed:anticipated
miniaturization:efficiency
avail:purpose
nostalgic:homesick
direct:uninterrupted
eerie:alarming
lusciousness:sweetness
aggressiveness:ferociousness
diseased:unwell
luminary:leading light
uneventfully:boringly
unceremoniously:hastily
tendril:strand
queerly:oddly
interjection:speaking
backache:back pain
directly:promptly
swell:billow
motion:proposition
bookshelf:ledge
agency:help
expertness:experience
Independence:independent status
fill:satiate
glitter:twinkle
Miss:let pass
scan:examine
nuance:gradation
butcher:slaughter
run:carry on
governors:committee
meet:be introduced to
edict:act
budget:make financial arrangements
delegate:ambassador
awkward:uncoordinated
hereafter:after this
limited:inadequate
bombard:flood
compassionately:gently
pioneer:initiate
secondhand:recycled
express:utter
refreshment:hair of the dog
court:cozy up to
disfavor:in the bad books
grouchy:bad-tempered
unhappily:sorrowfully
bright:clever
thirsty:thirsting
unquestionably:incontestably
narrowing:lessening
wise:sensible
horridly:nastily
delicacy:dainty
disclaim:disown
willpower:self-discipline
abstemious:self-disciplined
upstanding:good
gory:violent
mean:aim
swellheaded:conceited
usage:manipulation
grounds:foundation
Sibyl:seer
slab:wedge
envelop:cover
flagrantly:obviously
sorrowful:sad
magnanimity:fairness
drive:get-up-and-go
alacrity:quickness
unhindered:unopposed
venomous:toxic
picture:illustrate
jovial:good-humored
recommendation:sanction
bite:morsel
troublesome:taxing
cozy:warm
want:covet
suspect:infer
employee:member of staff
upshot:consequence
slow:dim
appreciable:palpable
Lot:grouping
guardian:keeper
reawakening:new beginning
queasy:uneasy
propel:force
nonpayment:defaulting
jamboree:f?te
jubilant:euphoric
journalist's:reporters
dry:dry out
contrasting:different
adulterated:dirty
cog:gear
gambit:ploy
cope:handle
auditorium:hall
corrosion:deterioration
cherub:cupid
amid:in the course of
resident:local
celebratory:commemorative
concoction:fiction
spare:frugal
meeting:assembly
passed:conceded
disconnectedly:jerkily
erupt:blow up
instead:as a replacement for
descendant:inheritor
homicidal:murderous
muddy:mucky
copy:clone
civilizing:refining
frequently:often
palatable:toothsome
inescapable:unpreventable
withhold:keep back
unpleasantness:nasty goings-on
revered:valued
slinky:sly
inviolability:blessedness
uneventfully:drearily
merely:purely
woven:wicker
inflamed:tender
ire:indignation
materialize:turn up
shabbiness:meanness
high:sharp
seize:take control of
stupefied:amazed
fulfillment:accomplishment
welcome:appreciated
spry:agile
less:take away
copy:book
unintelligibly:incoherently
floor:flummox
cup's:plates
repugnant:sickening
region:territory
blazon:splash
discourteous:insolent
Deity:idol
squishy:spongy
make:give somebody no option but to
defining:important
lopsidedness:unevenness
didactic:improving
outsource:contract out
plug:promote
currently:now
rehabilitation:therapy
movements:appointments
precisely:quite
schmaltzy:slushy
beastly:horrible
cause:reason
tastelessness:poor taste
appearance:outward show
large:significant
strongbox:safe
portend:threaten
handout:newsletter
modish:chic
overhaul:outdo
sparkle:shine
luxuriate:relish
figure:table
tested:experienced
hole:fissure
forcefully:powerfully
weaken:deteriorate
departing:departure
limit:reduce
armament:mask
devices:diplomacy
feather's:nap
furtive:cautious
Machiavellian:sly
sophisticated:mature
annulment:dissolution
Queen:sovereign
misfit:loner
shatterproof:toughened
dispatch:slaughter
double:twice as many
waft:come
broken:defeated
hassled:on the spot
issue:edition
may:may well
indissoluble:everlasting
captivation:raptness
concurrent:synchronized
Punch:strike
topic:area
replace:switch
serve:wait
table:counter
musty:stale
impound:hold
fervent:keen
surprised:astounded
hone:prepare
persona:part
scary:menacing
nothingness:nonexistence
unimaginative:derivative
wanderer:rambler
full:sated
parallel:correspondence
archness:superiority
acceptably:reasonably
shoplifter:mugger
whack:slap
unskillful:amateurish
early:prematurely
refuge:protection
chill:depression
crib:plagiarize
rightfully:strictly
grayish:besmirched
playful:full of fun
faithfully:stanchly
just:really
narrowly:barely
Cross:impede
pass:throw
rough:violent
warmest:sincere
redress:even out
ensue:develop
unruffled:at ease
slavish:unoriginal
nude:unclothed
provider:contributor
rhythmically:regularly
stiffen:toughen
work:drive
revolving:gyrating
Chase:pursuit
exact:thorough
slight:minor
hackneyed:stale
sunup:daylight
treachery:duplicity
fresco:mural
persona:assumed role
grieve:afflict
fret:bother
rostrum:podium
tenseness:anxiety
erratically:fitfully
shaft:ray
severe:acute
headland:cape
nefarious:reprehensible
kickoff:beginning
bespoke:modified
design:intend
carpeting:floor covering
useless:ineffective
firmly:determinedly
patter:slang
work's:plant
domicile:address
passed:accepted
tackiness:tawdriness
grounded:stranded
rumble:growl
sway:rock
besides:more to the point
dent:cavity
direct:rule
spurn:despise
affiliation:link
hallucination:phantasm
desirable:attractive
gruffly:grumpily
Day:generation
diction:projection
renter:occupant
diversion:hobby
lacking:deficient
displeasing:disturbing
blemished:mottled
peppy:animated
roughly:brutally
swathe:swaddle
overblown:puffed up
exclude:be exclusive of
undulation:crinkle
clapping:ovation
flaunt:exhibit
downgrading:reduction
staunch:stem
buy:believe
jeopardize:put in danger
gully:furrow
gunk:goo
redeem:use
Small:trivial
blunt:dull
enunciate:speak
gush:pour
ricochet:rebound
penniless:broke
candidness:openness
beautiful:stunning
coyly:demurely
finally:in the end
bounded:enclosed
careworn:haggard
reprocess:recycle
hawker:marketer
save:set aside
inhospitable:unfriendly
authentically:validly
doldrums:melancholy
Teller:cashier
please:wish
office:personnel
work:creation
stoutness:plumpness
regulator:supervisory body
irreconcilable:opposed
exist:stay alive
judicious:shrewd
candidness:sincerity
piggyback:allied
soft:smooth
divergence:difference
lecture:speech
astute:judicious
impersonate:pretend to be
happening:event
snicker:deride
wilting:wilted
antiseptic:uncontaminated
telltale's:tell secrets
ingest:eat
obtuseness:dim-wittedness
heartbroken:brokenhearted
mishap:misfortune
cataclysm:calamity
shabby:poorly maintained
distinguish:tell between
barbed:unkind
juicy:interesting
epigrammatic:succinct
cleanse:bathe
concession:surrendering
inanity:ridiculousness
rafter:tease
nonconformity:eccentricity
glaring:clear
disfavor:abuse
parlance:vernacular
disinterested:impartial
close:draw to a close
incorruptibility:purity
ghostly:vaporous
part:segregate
stalwart:fearless
partiality:preference
skirmish:scrap
speculative:approximate
critically:crucially
shun:shirk
examining:investigative
control:direct
work:exert yourself
gunk:slime
suffer:experience
lode:layer
easy:calm
arguing:disagreeing
dispensing:giving out
perspicacity:insightfulness
wrestle:brawl
able:proficient
unhappy:sorrowful
frost:rime
browbeaten:broken
turmoil:tumult
opposite:the other extreme
strong:stark
spasmodically:fitfully
blasphemy:profanity
standoff:row
puzzler:puzzle
sharp:pungent
rumored:alleged
tentacle:feeler
clink:jingle
neglectfully:carelessly
Tell:differentiate
clumsiness:ineptness
expansive:extensive
temporal:mundane
inside:in the interior
pinion:pin down
natural:open
pelt:shower
flannel:sweet talk
wan:ineffectual
wedge:cram
modestly:fairly
gruffly:sternly
uncouth:bad-mannered
caravan:group
devotedly:affectionately
spell:mean
errand's:odd jobs
age:mature
puzzler:brainteaser
blow:bluster
fitful:disturbed
immobile:static
glide:fly
drink:swallow
collage:clutter
portentous:ominous
embellishments:add-ons
fact's:the whole story
dispirited:disheartened
activist:liberal
advance:forward movement
faithless:unfaithful
spawn:offspring
presented:obtainable
moribund:on its last legs
deep:multifaceted
euphoria:jubilation
movement:interest group
sturdy:strapping
uncontaminated:untainted
excavate:dig
smitten:besotted
girth:belt
meek:compliant
sociable:affable
surliness:hostility
key:answer
bullion:gold bars
presumption:presupposition
chalice:prize
uncompromising:stubborn
downturn:downward spiral
biting:sarcastic
tatty:worn
exonerate:acquit
riveting:spellbinding
venomously:cruelly
weakening:diminishing
aggravating:maddening
discern:perceive
crowning:uttermost
discussion:argument
imagery:images
breadth:scope
energetic:vigorous
tantrums:grumpiness
wool:hair
pound:thump
promise:oath
scab:skin
kibbutz:group home
thin:light
Establishment:concern
treatment:therapy
lard:flab
intertwine:entwine
nursing:treatment
cross:bad-tempered
odorous:stinking
productively:profitably
intuition:presentiment
appreciably:noticeably
airing:drying
eccentrically:strangely
twirl:spin
graft:bud
paddle:scull
dregs:trash
customized:adapted
recapitulate:run through
drove:horde
wraparound:loop
raunchy:coarse
enchantingly:beguilingly
useless:hopeless
deflect:rebound
watershed:division
whopper:giant
tamper:alter
flash:exhibit
field:deal with
crimp:fold
sureness:confidence
chill:wariness
proper:correct
straight:open
keen:devoted
obsessively:compulsively
indiscretion:impropriety
mainline:line
comforted:calmed
wholesome:clean-living
outpouring:torrent
recognize:grant
trap:fence in
limbo:indeterminate state
pervade:infuse
appetite:enthusiasm
decorously:graciously
postponement:rescheduling
operation:process
luridly:garishly
Superior:a cut above
redraft:alteration
arriving:new
unwind:slow down
billet:station
residential:suburban
measures:actions
pavilion:gazebo
unconcerned:indifferent
lots:plenty
paragon:archetype
sewage:manure
Re:about
greenhorn:beginner
commanding:powerful
unproductive:lazy
raw:underdone
glob:gobbet
illusive:erroneous
track:trail
alias:assumed name
congregation:worshippers
value's:standards
embankment:edge
heinous:dreadful
claim:application
nutritional:food
set:solid
sorrow:sadness
together:laid back
riddle:conundrum
unpalatable:nasty
diplomatically:discreetly
hokum:nonsense
warily:cagily
rush:hasten
assemblage:throng
verge:edge
phenomenon:exceptional person
ultra:very
poky:poke
pool:amalgamate
abdicate:abandon
densely:compactly
soothsayer:clairvoyant
hustle:shift
hide:screen
vitally:significantly
lesson:example
pattern:prototype
willpower:drive
dusky:grayish
log:monitor
Charity:assistance
remonstrate:dispute
regrettable:a pity
entrance:admission
distraction:diversion
nature:temperament
Good:benefit
endanger:put in danger
imperiously:bossily
jealousy:suspicion
consequential:subsequent
toot:hoot
overweening:presumptuous
Holiday:saint's day
solace:succor
cogently:soundly
telling:illuminating
tremor:quaver
beginning's:early period
parson:priest
dispenser:slot machine
rate:value
confute:disprove
petrified:terrified
ranch:cattle farm
expression:demonstration
sell:trade
firestorm:blaze
stand:survive
Bob:move up and down
Tell:discover
venturesome:audacious
stench:disgusting odor
sniveling:howling
recuperation:getting better
imprints:trajectory
desperate:worried
unpremeditated:chance
correct:truthful
central:key
debasing:shameful
prevent:thwart
base:center
glumly:pessimistically
care:bother
leader:head
homely:unattractive
frosty:icy
supposition:idea
rework:redraft
lethargic:indolent
fear:anxiety
tattle:gossip
earthy:rough
edgy:easily upset
variety:brand
acclaimed:celebrated
schooling:coaching
close:go out of business
agitate:mix up
cellphone:telephone
caked:coated
connected:fixed
handle:knob
efficient:not wasteful
aghast:horrified
lasso:noose
heinous:shocking
shamefully:terribly
yelp:yap
maestro:ace
bonnet:panama
time's:epoch
vociferous:enthusiastic
plea:petition
sadness:misery
Battle:fracas
revisit:resume
requirement:necessity
prudence:discretion
echelon:stratum
pass:chuck
undersized:underdeveloped
chargeable:on account
method:reasoning
squabble:have words
disinherit:leave penniless
contagious:transmittable
odor:stink
jolt:jerk
greet:meet
conquering:successful
attend:go to
setting:background
sponger:freeloader
influence:power
land:land-dwelling
unhesitating:prompt
impact:waves
sway:authority
laze:be idle
residency:care order
gallows:scaffold
intercontinental:global
accuser:petitioner
lesson:tutorial
abutting:next to
clipper's:shears
anesthetic:painkilling
hankie:bandanna
uselessness:ineffectiveness
steaming:scalding
compliments:greetings
crony:pal
room's:temporary housing
extend:make bigger
bungling:untrained
muted:hushed
multifarious:diverse
inflamed:irritated
thwarted:frustrated
brag:boast
performance:act
fixedly:earnestly
adopt:take on board
castoffs:jumble
brand:trademark
wrangle:quarrel
crotchety:touchy
reflexively:mechanically
Cherry:crimson
tatter:bit
wasting:killing
miserly:meager
absolve:free
mumbling:faltering
loopy:ridiculous
quarter's:accommodation
lose:misplace
ironical:sardonic
colorfully:vividly
oblong:diamond
uncharacteristically:strangely
disfigurement:defect
point:time
tweeting:chirping
respect:point
disrespectfully:impolitely
scythe:slice
canvass:test
cry:call out
undetectable:faint
optimistically:hopefully
varnished:buffed
malleability:pliability
fierceness:brutality
laterally:imaginatively
independently:separately
engorge:swell
fascination:interest
devoted:affectionate
liquidize:process
authoritarianism:repression
color:dye
slyness:wiliness
congress:assembly
fine:delicate
stick:spear
marks:inscription
badger:plague
purchase:buy
field:turf
dubiousness:uncertainty
spirituality:holiness
flash:dash
mischief:disruption
warning:admonition
wild:outrageous
abstaining:no vote
fit:appropriate
population:people
mammoth:vast
fractured:broken
hateful:unbearable
submit:surrender
surge:pitch
precinct's:grounds
shipshape:spick and span
control:restrict
aristocratic:superior
martial:aggressive
thunder:roar
loan:give somebody an advance of
burrow:hollow out
accolade:honor
wrongful:unjust
climax:peak
complete:great
bathed:covered
sidekick:associate
foreboding:apprehension
Price:consequences
surmise:guesswork
penetrating:sensitive
take:expend
combination:permutation
jobless:without a job
performance:functioning
pendant:hanging
Case:job
surf:side
inferior:poorer
snuff:execute
angelic:innocent
embrace:squeeze
hardheaded:shrewd
affable:easygoing
specific:fact
sedition:subversion
descendant's:offspring
lurid:sensational
designing:crafty
cloister's:pergola
going:departure
metaphors:similes
pessimistically:cynically
wasted:thin
dismally:miserably
exude:give off
bleakness:loneliness
incongruous:bizarre
alleyway:pathway
aftermath:after effects
slam:criticize
plop:dump
porch:overhang
sparkle:enthusiasm
pitiful:pitiable
square:genuine
scrunch:grind
organizer:log book
award:bestow
telecaster:commentator
ideas:dreams
heedful:thoughtful
Sharp:critical
determine:settle on
cry:scream
prospect's:diagnosis
shielded:protected
presented:unfilled
docile:passive
winnings:booty
dam:block
unerringly:faithfully
weather:endure
magnitude:extent
expended:exhausted
considerable:huge
wallop:punch
uncultivated:untilled
suggestive:evocative
streamlining:reform
conglomerate:business
inarticulate:hesitant
caprice:fad
extensive:vast
firestorm:fire
campground:encampment
Set:coagulate
inaudibly:noiselessly
horridly:unkindly
mesh:enmesh
sure:surely
Creator:designer
ritzy:swanky
reasonable:not expensive
compactness:miniaturization
balmy:soft
cadence:tone
rain:torrent
traverse:navigate
sham:pretense
flimflam:gobbledygook
force:coerce
failure:collapse
arterial:principal
suggestion:proposal
tax:overstretch
discount:lower
screen:weed out
systematize:put in order
obduracy:stubbornness
even:drawn
confounding:difficult
topic:matter
medical:remedial
breather:break
pointlessness:unreality
roughly:huskily
shared:common
tint:dye
important:worthy
cry:shriek
fox:confuse
whine:go on about
mildewed:moldy
rewrite:reword
mix:combination
divorced:detached
curtsy:bob
daintiness:delicacy
hoaxer:trickster
strongly:durably
concerned:uneasy
In:during
vague:scatterbrained
casually:carelessly
record:memo
toughness:stiffness
order:succession
nitpicking:hypercritical
zigzag:crisscross
regurgitate:recite
procession:pageant
foulness:filth
base:basis
Bellow:bawl
perverseness:unreasonableness
mow:trim
civic:community
transplant:shift
forwardness:ease
fastest:longest
calming:cheering
inventiveness:cleverness
jewels:jewelry
defunct:deceased
unwillingly:unenthusiastically
summarily:instantly
blissful:harmonious
parquet:patterned flooring
Leninist:collectivist
fine:fastidious
puncture:stick in
spite:bad feeling
condition:acclimatize
Cotton:cord
hose:water
position:standing
unfurl:spread out
impetus:force
pipe:channel
fictitious:pretended
insulation:lagging
magnified:extravagant
learning:knowledge
hug:clasp
flexible:accommodating
unerring:certain
steward:park ranger
perch:sit on
dent:impression
resounding:reverberating
breaking:breach
fineness:superiority
vulgarly:tastelessly
torment:ordeal
alarm:panic
coarseness:thickness
collegiate:irreverent
communion:close association
twitter:tweet
gangster:goon
someday:soon
rubbery:hard
depute:organize
place:station
produce:foodstuffs
sinewy:wiry
peacefully:quietly
yelp:yap
stamina:grit
Noble:aristocratic
complain:grumble
Stark:utter
improve:perfect
personify:breathe life into
proper:decorous
bulging:fit to bust
calculation:answer
mode:method
retrospective:showcase
illegitimately:illicitly
collapse:come to nothing
pass:fling
pitilessly:persistently
belie:contradict
abruptly:rapidly
record's:minutes
huge:gigantic
felon:thief
exactitude:precision
semblance:facade
identity:character
pimply:blemished
unfurl:open out
treat:pick up the check
grandly:majestically
cudgel:hit
hyperactive:agitated
decibel's:intensity
style:method
slit:slot
seasonal:serial
taint:stain
straight:honest
waterfront:riverside
slight:slim
idleness:job loss
mistake:fault
forgetful:neglectful
turnoff:ramp
armistice:truce
utmost:supreme
people:introduce somebody to an area
horses:farm animals
defense:resistance
tiresomely:irksomely
immaterial:neither here nor there
indisputably:incontrovertibly
ornery:touchy
washout:wash down
brash:slapdash
fount:fountain
unfulfilled:unhappy
repugnant:adverse
crotchety:grumpy
presence:company
woodwork:cabinetmaking
unreserved:extrovert
misappropriation:stealing
pantry:store cupboard
deviating:different
rotund:curved
anthem:song of praise
dodging:evasion
exemplify:represent
prospectus:pamphlet
parishioners:worshippers
obvious:observable
flabby:floppy
laudable:valiant
rites:cremation
sibyl:diviner
slacks:wash pants
upsurge:increase
sullenly:taint
near:in close proximity to
just:fair
agile:lively
scrappy:inconsistent
nobody:no one
identifiable:certain
lint:fur
harshly:glaringly
quarry:kill
coming:launch
mostly:more often than not
error:mistake
send:propel
feasibly:imaginably
homage:respect
start:father
generate:create
obstructive:obstreperous
whack:thwack
stew:bubble
solution:blend
disuse:neglect
indolently:languorously
ungainly:awkward
dead:extinct
rate:ratio
insurrectionist:rioter
betrayal:treachery
background:education
hounding:singling out
fogginess:murkiness
niggle:nag
tirade:diatribe
surface:emerge
Ill:amiss
precluded:irrelevant
shimmer:gleam
light:soft
strident:piercing
irrationality:pointlessness
blunt:frank
extinguish:douse
nonplussed:baffled
multinational:international business
traits:qualities
contact:drop a line to
Craft:profession
rapidly:quickly
bottle:container
mushroom:expand
upholding:perpetuation
inimitably:exclusively
freshen:dust
foreshadowing:revelation
miscellany:mixture
undisturbed:at peace
steadfastly:stalwartly
hallucinate:be delirious
erupt:spew
bribe:enticement
teacher:instructor
gabble:garbage
use:exploitation
ferocious:raging
test:investigate
contract:narrow
pain:bind
mountaineer:walker
unkindness:harshness
screen:test
unspoiled:natural
demurely:coyly
impulsively:on a whim
trace:hunt down
massiveness:largeness
comprehensive:broad
seek:search for
guileful:devious
comforter:eiderdown
distinction:excellence
unmemorable:unremarkable
false:deceitful
complicate:confuse
dumbfounded:astonished
teach:clarify
somberly:gravely
fine:all right
bubbles:suds
culture:refinement
undercurrent:nuance
business:establishment
ensign:colors
glitter:showiness
elocution:voice production
badger:pester
rationalized:modernized
dogged:persistent
overseer:supervisor
shimmer:shine
systematize:standardize
hate:abhor
knob:protuberance
strong:resilient
finished:perfect
slow:measured
resolutely:stubbornly
predispose:prejudice
marred:stained
studious:painstaking
disappear:recede
eloquent:articulate
overwhelmingly:overpoweringly
record:highest
polarization:split
traditional:time-honored
pillow:bolster
objectionably:unpleasantly
notional:unreal
peroxide:blanch
bait:razz
morose:glum
bloodbath:battle
qualify:become certified
abstractedly:distractedly
wildness:passion
nauseate:put off
inaudibly:indistinctly
meagerness:shortage
see:get the drift
massage:kneading
roamer:traveler
skeptically:unbelievingly
traitorous:false
have:hold
explicate:expound
though:nonetheless
rationalized:well-run
idea's:dreams
start:set off
object:make an objection
lockout:keep out
responsibility:liability
Key:vital
fragmentation:division
beginnings:early stages
Tad:spot
presence:authority
carelessly:incautiously
ditty:rhyme
impudent:disrespectful
Senate:committee
identical:like
shady:out of the sun
melodically:harmoniously
icy:frozen
without:exclusive of
outlast:survive
square:piazza
nontoxic:safe
angled:at an angle
bet:believe
sage:astute
influence:impact
marriage:nuptials
ground:broken up
malleability:bendiness
parasite's:vermin
concrete:certain
combing:blow-dry
reminiscence:nostalgia
astronomical:astrophysical
relentlessly:inexorably
straight:arranged
floorboard:strip
take:convey
swirl:eddy
dimple:pit
overblown:overstated
ruse:deception
meditatively:contemplatively
qualms:fears
connected:coupled
cologne:fragrance
bulletin:periodical
teeny:small
dry:desiccate
crosswise:corner to corner
delivery:manner
zeal:ardor
meddler:pest
penetration:diffusion
frame:physique
originality:freshness
court:quad
scrawny:skeletal
Noble:polite
gain:acquire
irrelevance:unimportance
detractor:attacker
plateau:area of stability
earphone:headset
averse:unenthusiastic
patrol:walk the beat
squarely:head-on
ironical:strange
listless:lethargic
benevolently:kindly
edgy:prickly
deliver:give up
Best:unsurpassed
profligate:wicked
mischievousness:animosity
search:look for
discover:unearth
lattice:net
locality:site
borrow:have access to
prime:foremost
landing:hall
foulness:coarseness
pictorial:charming
standoffish:reserved
hurried:snatched
cataloging:category
cheapen:depreciate
term:stretch
iffy:dicey
inattention:inattentiveness
jug:container for liquid
prop:hold up
maiming:injury
spherical:circular
prompt:occasion
bar:rod
Garland:wreath
dutiful:loyal
whereabouts:location
latent:buried
epicure:gastronome
muzzle:silence
fury:vehemence
unfailingly:consistently
swaggering:arrogant
funny:peculiar
bamboo:cane
vote:secret ballot
frolic's:clowning around
trauma:shock
mark:smear
dimness:weakness
oblique:sloping
opaque:unclear
tactlessly:awkwardly
skipper:captain
stalwart:athletic
review:check
regulation:adjustment
lifeline:help
wind:current of air
bearing:relevance
blame:charge
symbol:image
bearing:course
dowse:dunk
meditate:reflect
denims:pants
unenviable:unwelcome
unwell:under the weather
imperfection:stain
unfasten:uncouple
heavy:strong
viciously:fiercely
Truth:loyalty
roundness:plumpness
late:at the last
claim:demand
uproar:hullabaloo
last:persist
bashfully:diffidently
solder:link
value:amount
intolerable:insupportable
ordinarily:generally
indigo:cerulean
carton:cardboard box
rightfulness:correctness
roadblock:bar
ugly:horrid
brushing:combing
irreparable:permanent
tease:be kidding
Short:to the point
Sweet:pleasing
treat:pleasure
Sandy:covered in dust
call:scream
Sharp:harsh
delirium:happiness
trainer:instructor
perpetuate:continue
impart:report
bus:motor vehicle
barricade:obstruction
enliven:make livelier
ballooned:puffy
suit:dinner suit
actually:in reality
dipping:dropping
disheartened:dispirited
reformation:restoration
tenet:belief
declare:say publicly
forsake:abandon
row:line
authoritative:solid
battery:sequence
vastly:very much
hiss:fizzle
lotion:salve
blinkered:inflexible
entrails:insides
brainy:bright
thirsting:parched
laughingstock:clown
credentials:ID
loudness:noise
stardom:prominence
Noble:titled
decent:respectable
gurgle:gush
jump:jar
varied:pied
hometown:land of your birth
pained:hurt
assurance:assertion
estrange:make unfriendly
courthouse:Supreme Court
gramophone:record player
imitate:reproduce
crease:rumple
clement:pleasant
doodad:gizmo
lax:sloppy
moribund:waning
dear:valued
hangdog:wretched
telecast:put out
floor:floorboards
dillydallying:pause
issue:give out
puppet:tool
anesthetized:asleep
antipathy:aversion
vapid:tasteless
academic:assistant professor
preside:take the chair
cinch:simple task
lipstick:perfume
filch:pinch
gladden:hearten
compassionate:kindhearted
tub:pot
liniment:emolument
make:get
representation:version
marked:apparent
spot:blemish
considerably:much
befit:be fitting
peculiarity:fad
dishonesty:duplicity
scent:aroma
reason:persuade
peep:sound
warning:forewarning
opposition:antagonism
predominate:preponderate
narrowly:by a hair's breadth
unequivocally:clearly
expedient:appropriate
infatuation:love
name:identify
helpful:ready to lend a hand
gratify:humor
palpable:plain
adventuresome:risk-taking
malleable:pliable
system:classification
lesser:smaller
bristle:poke out
calcify:harden
ditched:discarded
detested:out of favor
acidly:acerbically
as:since
album:baby book
swipe:steal
authorize:approve
preacher:nun
Truth:veracity
nervousness:tension
grudging:resentful
clasp:fastener
plutocrat:magnate
garlanded:decked out
trenchant:caustic
welter:confusion
indecisively:irresolutely
working's:mechanism
rampage:tear
constancy:firmness
push:ambition
stabilizer:preservative
sweeten:appease
vindictive:nasty
fit:spasm
challenger:contender
sometime:a moment or two
taxing:wearing
aloofness:superiority
pound:pummel
data:statistics
consecutively:uninterruptedly
sieve:separate
deference:awe
standout:project
quaking:shivering
overblown:exaggerated
liable:legally responsible
swipe:put-down
furred:downy
fly:take off
dilapidated:on its last legs
call:exclaim
heavily:like mad
suspected:assumed
translation:transformation
arguing:in dispute
productively:fast
stubborn:immovable
scheme:machinate
beginning:introduction
slimness:narrowness
trunk:stalk
acerbic:sour
austerity:harshness
range:sort
delightfully:pleasingly
mineral's:raw materials
incision:score
fashion:method
wane:fade
hushed:calm
outgrowth:effect
Davenport:chaise longue
holdup:bottleneck
parkway:interstate
ewer:pitcher
decorated:bedecked
bankruptcy:impoverishment
blitz:blitzkrieg
imposed:compulsory
stagnate:vegetate
involuntary:obligatory
ache:headache
customarily:usually
comprehensive:all-inclusive
diacritical:acute accent
premonition:presentiment
soaking:soaked to the skin
unfairness:inequality
shamble:shuffle
idiotically:childishly
Sweet:caring
anesthetized:numb
bear:put up with
airy:lively
caricature:falsification
cabal:section
deeply:genuinely
still:however
thyme:aromatic plant
delicately:attractively
intermission:break
dump:chuck
deflect:prevent
bucketing:raining cats and dogs
immaculateness:excellence
legation:deputation
fixture's:gear
reverse:setback
clout:thump
uninterrupted:ceaseless
bite:feel painful
embracing:acceptance
abruptly:gruffly
operate:direct
rundown:in bad condition
seedling:sprout
assaulter:assailant
culinary:cooking
bulletin:statement
secret:furtive
doctrinaire:inflexible
load:burden
hunger:thirst
stuck:immovable
arrange:dispose
impotence:incapacity
consternation:anxiety
standard:touchstone
obscure:faint
usually:customarily
holdings:assets
adamantly:obstinately
unprofessional:unethical
sidewalk:path
malignant:wicked
varnished:polished
ingenuousness:sincerity
disparate:contrasting
methodically:logically
suppose:reason
excretion:secretion
restraint's:chains
wedge:piece
interest:advantage
diffidently:self-effacingly
chink:tinkle
dangle:suspend
ignominy:shame
indecision:uncertainty
worthily:commendably
fitfully:sporadically
reconnoiter:explore
dully:drearily
content:please
adventurer:speculator
thunderstruck:astonished
reprimand:chide
unconventionally:alternatively
person:individual
daydreamer:idealist
malnourished:half-starved
razz:goad
with:by means of
pliability:bendiness
leniency:mercy
worthwhile:useful
unrefined:unsophisticated
trick's:activities
terminology:terms
deadbeat:worn-out
confused:perplexed
rejoicing:elation
immediately:directly
harrow:till
firsthand:personally
illumination:clarification
undisputed:undoubted
fatal:significant
reveal:disclose
slumber:sleep
uniform:attire
expedient:useful
oceangoing:seafaring
grudgingly:diffidently
reinforce:highlight
tacky:nasty
blotch:splotch
blot:spot
prehistoric:early
jostle:shove
single:distinct
clue:inkling
feathers:nap
bloodcurdling:spine-tingling
inflated:exaggerated
bulldoze:push
blurry:indistinct
probe:poke about
regular:frequent
accredited:credited
NOW:without hesitation
menacingly:warningly
omnipotence:supremacy
flash:spark
butt:base
crystallize:come together
secretively:clandestinely
partisanship:strong views
everglade:marsh
afloat:buoyant
Gamble:stake
prominence:projection
bragger:boaster
disinter:exhume
perceptible:traceable
septic:gangrenous
memorandum:letter
essentially:more or less
demurely:primly
pressure:make
hope:expectation
bury:hide
uncharitable:mean-spirited
proof:corroboration
kudos:esteem
hit:damage
Chuck:throw
cellar:underground room
woolens:woolies
victimize:single out for punishment
mad:preposterous
guard:security
tenor:tendency
publish:make known
etc:and so forth
infirm:sick
dimly:faintly
coloration:flush
punctuate:disturb
haze:smog
duplicity:treachery
illusive:not real
Ill:bad
bitterness:acidity
tend:be predisposed
cold:indifferent
taste:drink
snoozing:tired
expanding:intensifying
rafter:strut
billow:swell
habit:convention
religiously:consistently
data:records
transgression:misbehavior
vehemently:fervently
forcefully:vehemently
coarsely:crudely
weir:wall
bait:provoke
bad:contrite
pitiful:poor
unutterably:unspeakably
vaccination:immunization
ministry:office
hindered:delayed
change:vary
workforce:employees
surge:spill over
mound:knoll
massive:heavy
transverse:sloping
nocturnal:night
abridge:condense
news:information
swearword's:swearing
desolation:despondency
reconstruct:reform
unveil:expose
doubtfully:hesitantly
sinfulness:wickedness
indolent:lazy
particularly:outstandingly
precluded:not permitted
gunfight:battle
chintzy:showy
discomfited:inept
fullness:completeness
expulsion:removal
portrayal:description
familiarization:getting used to
Superman:champion
skillfully:dexterously
grand:impressive
muster:marshal
section:part
rousing:inspiring
home:national
miser:collector
mugging:purse-snatch
Justice:integrity
prime:get ready
reception:soir?e
weight:power
row:disturbance
stricture:issue
early:ahead of schedule
strike:achieve
yell:shriek
laughingstock:butt of all the jokes
densely:tightly
magic:charm
shirk:shun
clemency:compassion
ratty:shabby
dinghy:vessel
serene:calm
vulgar:rough
Stout:robust
eclipse:overpower
jumbled:disorderly
summary:review
inconspicuous:unassuming
escort:attendant
Branch:stem
rapacious:preying
traumatic:disturbing
mean:insinuate
cockeyed:loopy
wholesome:healthy
square:parade
suitcase's:personal belongings
liquidate:clear up
hardheartedly:unfeelingly
formed:bent
flu:respiratory tract infection
momentous:vital
advance:move ahead
discreetly:tactfully
charge:control
subordinate:minion
cacophonous:inharmonious
comfy:cozy
down:downstairs
denouncement:smear
blare:blast
nonsensically:ludicrously
rest:place
recondition:repair
refuge:asylum
bewail:moan about
preempt:block
classically:naturally
defender:guard
typography:letters
sorry:wretched
manifest:clear
valorous:fearless
similar:related
commendation:acclamation
repugnant:hideous
disproportionate:inconsistent
irritating:nauseating
breadth:span
travel:move
harshly:bleakly
uplifting:elevating
finesse:refinement
grow:nurture
buttery:indigestible
appall:distress
fetter:bind
endeavors:undertakings
draftsman:architect
nod:drift off
brainless:unintelligent
secretion:emission
deplorably:unpardonably
retreat:refuge
contaminated:polluted
video:capture
rivalry:enmity
burrow:scrabble
wedlock:matrimony
uninhibited:abandoned
desire:yearn for
unenthusiastic:unimpressed
oxidized:tarnished
live:sentient
thieving:apt to steal
state:official
edict:order
gushy:sloppy
war:rivalry
portrait:sketch
prepare:groom
dustiness:muckiness
bragging:conceited
sapphire:azure
magnificently:superbly
poll:sample
whitewashed:subjugated
revelry:revels
chatty:friendly
surmise:supposition
unselfishly:selflessly
landslide:mud slide
indefinable:indefinite
watery:runny
stagecoach:carriage
gymnastic:acrobatic
essential:important
tousled:disheveled
daunted:intimidated
soothe:appease
decayed:putrefied
can:bottle
clever:intellectual
elastic:stretchy
animate:conscious
create:get going
steamroll:press flat
Hope:look forward to
skillful:dexterous
VAT:basket
catch:discover
quagmire:dilemma
hankie:handkerchief
rheumatic:sore
great:terrific
replicated:cyber-
finished:polished
disintegrate:fall to pieces
clueless:inexperienced
critical:important
decaying:decomposing
naturalness:genuineness
briskness:coldness
skimpy:insufficient
taste:live through
recede:wane
mired:held up
salsa:bop
airy:buoyant
Wake:rouse
clipper:sailboat
officeholder:politician
way:avenue
artfully:deviously
freaky:unexpected
closing:concluding
crackdown:onslaught
maddening:annoying
pique:arouse
fateful:inauspicious
natural:accepted
worsted:beaten
out:outdated
gouge:squeeze
expressively:emotionally
china:collectibles
captain:lead
briskness:efficiency
domination:authority
keenness:clarity
material:items
pockmarked:spotty
collide:have a collision
feature:countenance
unaccountably:curiously
arson:flammable
zip:zip up
incontrovertible:undeniable
sleep:doze
shoplift:pinch
Craft:expertise
Pace:rapidity
culminate:conclude
precursor:pioneer
alluring:enthralling
discourage:oppose
hostilely:discordantly
canter:sprint
cantankerousness:snappiness
exhilaration:high spirits
cafeteria:buffet
mortification:loss of face
heal:make well
go:die
diacritic:diacritical mark
quietness:tranquillity
make:force to
dwell:have your home
ordain:order
repulse:sicken
freewheel:breeze
casualness:airiness
draw:haul
industriously:productively
defensible:rock-solid
always:each time
retreat:run away
repress:dominate
adjourn:call a halt to
jangle:rattle
dutiful:compliant
striving:pushy
press:reporters
amplification:further details
Stout:resolute
downgrading:fall
pragmatism:uncomplicatedness
sociable:jolly
solution:explanation
spartan:basic
Cliff:rock face
parch:burn
impugn:censure
impinge:encroach
Brain's:I.Q.
outshine:outperform
navigate:traverse
siren:warning
redevelop:stimulate
secrecy:privacy
desperation:anxiety
standing:durable
roam:stray
Kit:equipment
hackle:spike
circle:sphere
inaction:operational
annihilate:exterminate
ferociousness:ferocity
chum:fish refuse
happen:materialize
unevenness:disproportion
discipline:branch of learning
drink:swallow
odorous:scented
lob:knock
grand:good
quicken:get faster
mascara:perfume
freethinker:atheist
consummate:accomplish
skyrocket:space rocket
report's:hearsay
paternal:kind
armature:hulk
protest:declare
channel:conduit
deepen:grow deeper
fuzziness:uncertainty
insufferable:intolerable
loftiness:superior manner
home:native land
corps:public body
artistically:creatively
denigrate:degrade
vow:promise
proposed:planned
natural:inborn
hurriedly:swiftly
dither:shilly-shally
antagonize:get your back up
birthright:legacy
ailment:disorder
swoon:black out
beacon:flare
cozy:warm
intimidated:frightened
targeted:beleaguered
pawn:trade in
individualistic:idiosyncratic
fluorescent:shining
whack:strike
snug:comfy
debut:presentation
disentangle:separate
fritter:dissipate
stormy:up and down
mound:hill
frivolities:questionable activities
conclusive:concluding
shrink:get smaller
instantly:directly
creepiness:eeriness
realize:make happen
philanthropic:humanitarian
campaign:battle
unfitted:unequipped
covetousness:materialism
senselessness:uselessness
whip:flog
fruitfulness:fertility
refutation:denial
close:solid
gripe:grumble
klutzy:ungainly
nearest:adjoining
adherence:loyalty
astound:knock for six
device:gadget
contaminant:poison
lapse:failure
putrefied:rotting
unfailing:reliable
arise:get up
harry:pester
ugliness:repulsiveness
haphazard:unsystematic
squandered:frivolous
disjointedly:inelegantly
scandalize:horrify
forgotten:gone
unafraid:bold
productiveness:utility
price:rate
line:stroke
stupid:foolish
transport:moving
splice:fix together
walk:hike
rule:administrate
penetrate:diffuse
means:earnings
unbroken:continuous
feisty:go-getting
Begin:get down to it
palpitate:pulsate
apply:employ
direct:straight
venomously:express
despicable:loathsome
permission:go-ahead
lavish:fulsome
incombustible:fire-resistant
great:huge
will:self-control
solecism:blunder
believed:thought
gray:dull
life:living
inflames:aflame
hardheaded:no-nonsense
insides:internal organs
A's:at the same time as
acclaim:sing the praises of
refashion:change
badness:ruthlessness
dreariness:bleakness
vent:aperture
suddenly:unexpectedly
pasture:meadow
inaudible:muffled
apprehension:misgiving
prerequisites:requisites
scratch:grate
pane:panel
burglar:housebreaker
lengthen:grow longer
escape:elude
sage:wise
halfheartedly:unwillingly
armlet:bangle
hothouse:glasshouse
despot:authoritarian
instigate:prompt
unfaithfulness:betrayal
broiling:sweltering
edict:pronouncement
unclean:unhygienic
carelessness:incautiousness
processing:meting out
minimum:smallest
laxity:negligence
contretemps:quarrel
intangible:vague
magnetism:fascination
Craft:job
sophisticated:complex
scrappy:lacking continuity
staccato:disconnected
standard:yardstick
bordered:surrounded
detect:notice
grievance:injustice
unscrew:take off
Bellow:holler
groceries:chow
venom:rancor
break:pause
unreserved:candid
distinguishable:discernible
unutterable:unthinkable
untwist:undo
grandiose:flamboyant
Love:honey
dam:weir
oratorical:booming
overgenerous:wasteful
wretchedly:pitifully
righteous:blameless
incontestably:indisputably
extra:especially
shoddy:unkind
snoop:interfere
anonymous:dull
typo:error
nervousness:uneasiness
Good's:commodities
watercourse:canal
fierceness:turbulence
spread:extent
mammal:creature
draw:tug
peevish:crabby
unflappable:calm
lifetime:days
inestimably:incalculably
soothsayer:oracle
deride:knock
winch:crane
stodgy:turgid
carving:figurine
irked:peeved
commendation:citation
lee's:residue
effective:operative
close:accurate
overcrowded:congested
out:shown
unplumbed:vast
automatic:routine
canyon:rift
enroll:register
cover:protect
condescend:patronize
thwack:thump
demote:reduce in importance
prance:sashay
concession:recognition
Rush:do too quickly
apathetically:listlessly
realize:make real
edifying:artistic
undying:endless
burrow:search
hectic:confused
trawl:seek
exultantly:proudly
recurring:habitual
coup:revolution
entitle:enable
primary:most important
confluence:meeting
activation:establishment
Nation:citizens
weathered:battered
impressionistic:inexplicit
arduous:difficult
assiduous:industrious
far:a great deal
inured:habituated
yummy:lip-smacking
rugged:robust
collusion:consent
rewind:reverse
incarnate:in material form
reprisal:payback
own:accept
directorial:managerial
weirdness:strangeness
venerated:highly thought of
Coy:timid
experimental:tentative
villainous:wicked
administration:dispensation
amateurish:unprofessional
interested:paying attention
rehabilitated:reformed
efficient:competent
unmistakably:definitely
innermost:private
disembodied:ghostly
barbecue:char-grill
hurriedly:on the spur of the moment
floorboard's:bottom
task's:household tasks
probably:maybe
miscalculation:slip-up
procedure's:measures
really:certainly
unfeelingly:uncaringly
hide:withhold
embarrassingly:ridiculously
tuck:stick
joystick:pointing device
run:sprint
bleep:contact
rein's:gearshift
breakers:waves
invented:imaginary
boardinghouse:pension
splash:broadcast
quaintness:weirdness
afterglow:warmth
seared:baked
roam:meander
stuff:objects
groggy:wobbly
examine:scrutinize
branch:turn
falsification:distortion
leave:desert
eroded:craggy
retrospective:show
richness:strength
sooner:closer
penitentiary:prison
bunting:ticker tape
transfix:rivet
malign:smear
recondite:complex
politic:canny
prop:bolster
dismissive:flip
reading:sense
inexhaustible:bottomless
Lance:weapon
valuable:constructive
daub:slap
dream:fantasize
good:decent
standby:stand-in
commandeering:confiscation
jaw's:oral cavity
reappear:recur
plant:lodge
complimentary:free
ferret:dig out
obliquely:on a slope
variety:mixture
tireless:industrious
chintzy:stingy
land:acquire
upmarket:smart
reforest:afforest
example:pattern
Day:daylight hours
freaky:strange
sidestep:elude
grievance:ill-treatment
handout's:contributions
fillip:tonic
adroitly:competently
dirty:dull
land:settle
dropout:leave
cupidity:stinginess
wisecrack:quip
insincerely:disingenuously
tortuous:roundabout
affecting:disturbing
haunted:eerie
crescendo:climax
whirl:reel
pertinent:relevant
bracelets:rings
correctness:suitability
fulfill:realize
trunk:shaft
imperturbable:in control
rut:channel
application:request
we'll:fine
brogue:intonation
tango:jazz
powerful:strong
shoddiness:poor quality
falseness:disloyalty
bleach:lighten
Chance:likelihood
Lot:proportion
Violet:light purple
selfishness:egocentricity
dissection:analysis
superstar:megastar
stubborn:bolshie
fortress:fortification
facts:essentials
hover:stay close
reproach:admonish
irrationally:foolishly
hold:organize
meeting:gathering
quantity:mass
adjust:correct
bungalow:hut
I'll:poorly
macrobiotic:natural
miscalculate:underestimate
forlornly:despondently
cold:formal
hunt:ferret
portrayal:picture
tell:ask
drudge:grind
individual:personage
exculpate:exonerate
every:all
kin:kinfolk
corral:hold
edify:inform
divination:forecast
governance:ascendancy
tint:dye
disembark:go ashore
formidable:alarming
renowned:well-known
busily:fast
dropping's:dung
neophyte:trainee
economy:financial prudence
reflect:mirror
ultimate:final
speck:pinpoint
fastest:best
Branch:section
chosen:selected
enthusiast:fanatic
trick:false
teeter:reel
inward:innermost
sentimentality:over-romanticizing
changed:altered
storage:luggage compartment
prosperous:wealthy
Begin:set in motion
distinct:manifest
pique:bad feeling
quaintly:prettily
justifying:mitigating
computer:laptop
unequal:asymmetrical
thwarted:dissatisfied
trample:squash
greatness:seriousness
imp:pixie
fray:scrimmage
audacious:overconfident
declare:affirm
consumption:ingestion
Lane:line of traffic
fatness:corpulence
canceled:lost
empty:barren
swindle:deception
forbear:refrain
mollycoddle:cater to
angle:point of view
measure:gauge
lockout:shut out
slaughter:massacre
scalding:searing
drive:motivation
automatically:certainly
harangue:sermonize
bazaar:marketplace
fitting:proper
undulate:swell
burly:muscular
peerless:first-class
sallow:wan
sloping:inclined
carried:passed
brilliance:radiance
speaking:dialect
fated:meant
dishonor:disrepute
impishly:mischievously
make:concoct
aching:painful
Amber:orangey
meeting:conference
infighting:squabbling
misconstruction:false impression
lesion:wound
pilfer:embezzle
expense:figure
debonair:well-groomed
droop:hang down
curl:ringlet
windy:turbulent
check:assessment
untapped:unused
weighty:solemn
Pole:staff
cognate:alike
plum:exceptional
swine:hog
glittering:flashing
interpolate:interrupt
nastiness:viciousness
extravagant:spendthrift
strength:muscle
dirty:cloudy
upholding:maintenance
Ray's:emission
excusable:understandable
symbolize:imply
ashy:pallid
turn:chance
stammer:pause
send:send off
rightness:correctness
vociferously:loudly
misunderstand:misconstrue
huffily:indignantly
ricochet:recoil
relate:narrate
central:inner
inward:ingoing
sloth:apathy
bland:mild
tremulous:nervous
mien:expression
contextual:appropriate
goon:last
ceaselessly:eternally
infiltrating:insightful
ring:ding
status:level
surface:apparent
grainy:granular
cuddle:clasp
agonize:be anxious
malingering:indolent
approach:style
uncomplimentary:damning
emptily:indifferently
butt:laughing stock
seesaw:fluctuate
bolster:sustain
puny:tiny
neighboring:close
philanthropic:goodhearted
livery:set of clothes
disturb:move
sieve:filter
modulate:revise
reek:stench
sprawl:collapse
brainy:intelligent
civic:civil
phenomenal:extra special
risk:hazard
reason:mind
goodwill:support
indirectness:roundabout nature
shameful:discreditable
apply:use
breezy:cheerful
roll:tube
wisely:astutely
watery:dilute
acquaintances:friends
improve:increase
energizing:revitalizing
strangulate:strangle
predictability:expectedness
jumble:clutter
downer:comedown
fatefully:tragically
emigrate:leave your country
fully:effusive
outside:scarce
stalker:shadow
delegate:representative
Begin:set off
demands:hassle
starched:smart
educator:instructor
cadaverous:emaciated
recognize:be grateful for
strictly:faithfully
twinkle:glitter
ration:dole out
top:important
resentful:offended
craving:yearning
heart:central part
varied:mottled
feature's:facial appearance
goon:criminal
vindictive:vengeful
gradually:progressively
sulkily:moodily
control:running
act:put it on
fritter:spend foolishly
apportion:allot
unsatisfied:unhappy
bonnet:cap
buffed:varnished
familial:family
camouflaged:hidden away
just:honest
thunderous:roaring
infraction:contravention
scent:trail
body:quantity
quickness:quick-wittedness
straighten:arrange
reproof:criticism
austerely:basically
follower's:cohorts
maturing:growing
defiant:rebellious
mobilize:marshal
hypodermic:needle
assume:presume
smoggy:murky
bullying:harassment
credulity:gullibility
hilltop:summit
sultry:roasting
schematic:plan
bungling:amateurish
mind:watch out
disproportionate:top-heavy
nomadic:traveling
infatuated:taken
subversive:revolutionary
asceticism:plainness
pleased:delighted
legion:multitude
earnestly:intently
befoul:contaminate
sneering:depreciatory
spectator:onlooker
first:in the beginning
individual:person
rate:quotient
tersely:shortly
miserly:miserable
distill:condense
bug:microbe
love:adoration
vision:apparition
haphazard:messy
mirage:delusion
description:sketch
stateliness:splendor
ripple:flow
Sweet:gentle
orifice:jaws
ask:invite
hefty:stout
harass:stalk
impure:poisoned
lout:hoodlum
different:discrete
volume:size
flippancy:levity
outspread:open
Battle:skirmish
lanky:tall and thin
full:chock-full
assuming:haughty
shared:collective
message:idea
exclusive:select
remorselessly:unrelentingly
ethnically:culturally
illegal:prohibited
backbreaking:grueling
Flora:vegetation
grueling:severe
clowning:fooling around
furious:incensed
wring:squeeze
Putin:interrupt
edgy:jittery
cheap:despicable
principle:standard
settle:colonize
decomposition:rotting
becoming:in keeping
permissive:tolerant
reduce:cut
people:natives
accordingly:fittingly
air's:egotism
understand:recognize
lunar:solar
irrevocably:irretrievably
pillow:head support
therefore:so
lampoon:sketch
fine:first-rate
find:come across
combine:blend
repulse:resist
throw:chuck
unrelenting:unyielding
loose:free
maturity:experience
clippers:nail clippers
rise:come to life
CD:compact disk
we'll:competently
decoration's:ticker tape
succinct:short and snappy
gross:bizarre
illustrative:illuminating
insincerity:hypocrisy
neurotic:overanxious
piazza:town square
bridge:link
wistful:thoughtful
close:chummy
dispossessed:evicted
learning:scholarship
congregate:collect
Charity:kindness
remake:restructure
burlesque:cabaret
zenith:summit
temp:do temporary work
delirium:excitement
late:after everyone else
accept:say you will
enthralling:alluring
droopy:baggy
bound:abut
difficult:demanding
deaden:stifle
lockup:detain
squawk:screech
synchronization:organization
retribution:vengeance
commune:connect
foray:sortie
shimmering:glittering
unobservant:dull-witted
straight:straight-talking
magic:paranormal
bluff:con
miscellany:collection
hoard:store
airstrip:airfield
implements:apparatus
story:narrative
bloodshed:killing
yielding:springy
snoop:poke your nose in
chortle:giggle
flashy:loud
improperly:inappropriately
smidgen:taste
hoard:hide away
origin's:genesis
district:constituency
full:complete
vinaigrette:dressing
sordidness:filthy conditions
occurring:happening
adored:venerated
limit:frontier
vocation:inclination
sure:trusty
backstroke:front crawl
flatterer:toady
duo:couple
methodological:practical
hitch:holdup
imprisonment:internment
superlatively:matchlessly
stupefaction:confusion
widen:broaden
sanction:approve
muse:think
neutralize:make safe
off:sour
tell:notify
indestructible:permanent
sanctified:hallowed
asperity:gruffness
content:happy
cataclysmic:devastating
forthrightness:frankness
callousness:cruelty
package:container
course:module
deprecate:censure
letting:let
accede:comply
accident:mistake
realizable:achievable
whorl:curl
truthful:right
lice:parasites
demote:downgrade
piercing:blaring
endorsed:authoritative
IQ:capacity
sagacious:sage
paper:newspaper
vitally:absolutely
spectral:ghostly
anodyne:tame
accumulation:heap
footstep:footfall
core:hub
decree:dictate
Concord:accordance
complete:widespread
crease:pleat
thresher:harvester
diligently:meticulously
blow:clout
irresistible:enticing
darkened:gloomy
trash:vandalize
great:cool
favorable:promising
ancestral:inherited
happenings:goings-on
technical:scientific
brawl:broil
bottleneck:restricted access
snicker:scorn
kill:eradicate
gala:festival
poach:simmer
arduous:hard
inward:entering
excrete:ooze
especially:remarkably
strong:sound
disgracefully:shockingly
impressiveness:pomp and circumstance
linguist:multilingual person
gifted:able
slither:skid
eloquence:articulacy
touch:dash
raspy:harsh
portal:entrance
surging:heaving
cellphone:cellular phone
ribbons:garland
changeable:irregular
enumerate:compute
fitted:built-in
chaotically:hysterically
coincidentally:unexpectedly
broil:riot
unimaginative:unexciting
vast:measureless
prick:puncture
merrily:blithely
observance:observation
triad:chord
ruggedness:starkness
perimeter:outskirts
bedraggled:grubby
auburn:ginger
mediate:reconcile
conjuring:tricks
aspire:seek
rover:nomad
rebirth:renaissance
tenderness:soreness
hinder:obstruct
trash:rubbish
bested:vanquished
denial:renunciation
mechanically:perfunctorily
fabricate:trump up
fatness:stoutness
oust:exile
yell:howl
serially:consecutively
restrict:contain
throwaway:offhand
lash:flay
narcissism:vanity
heartbroken:despairing
ooze:leak
coddle:cosset
Long:slow
solitary:single
blueprint:proposal
diplomat:attach?
bad:corrupt
vibrantly:colorfully
offer:recommend
hiccup:delay
stiffly:laboriously
shell:shoot at
bring:be sold for
careen:crisscross
starry:brilliant
know:see
heartfelt:warm
contented:happy
cipher:code
stay:delay
follow:happen next
thing:point
highlands:moorland
ascription:attribution
review:go over
remote:isolated
manure:dung
discontented:disgruntled
assure:make certain
quick:nippy
rhythmically:metrically
else:in addition
accordingly:as a result
initially:at first
plundering:marauding
improvise:make up
phase:point
meander:ramble
cry:scream
winnings:prize
treacherous:deceitful
form:create
Case:set of circumstances
exhilarating:invigorating
allegorically:symbolically
impose:be a nuisance
gym:fitness center
coinage:fifty pence piece
audit:review
reports:rumor
teaching's:wisdom
plus:positive
groggy:slow
swivel:pivot
preserve:reservation
suffer:undergo
prod:poke
offshoot:result
sheath:scabbard
ruminate:cogitate
breaker:surf
aplenty:abundantly
harmonize:correspond
melodic:enjoyable
hear:be told
tangible:substantial
resort:way out
pinkish:pink
earsplitting:noisy
unlikely:suspect
chilliness:chill
usher:accompany
stuck:wedged
puncture:pierce
transparently:visibly
impression:intuition
fumigate:disinfect
modernized:rationalized
rifle:shuffle through
decayed:decomposed
tumbledown:tumble
cheapen:denigrate
dissemble:put off
recent:new
punishable:carrying a punishment of
bedazzled:stunned
RAM:cram
shimmer:flicker
Set:become hard
vulgarly:offensively
anonymously:incognito
remote:faint
program:curriculum
operating:in use
staple:nail
emancipated:boundless
dead:deceased
recondite:concealed
right:sincere
hollowly:vacantly
Cotton:filament
foreign:overseas
thieving:light-fingered
late:deferred
sternness:strictness
impishness:liveliness
drool:dribble
film:record
inflection:tone
mat:knot
branch:bough
degeneracy:wantonness
layout:organize
displeased:discontented
opposed:disparate
deflated:downhearted
spangled:glittery
pitiably:piteously
solemn:somber
skulk:lurk
middle:average
spasm:ripple
lighten:cheer up
Superior:stuck-up
obtain:get
crookedly:obliquely
exile:ostracism
gruesome:hideous
core:meat
careful:shrewd
summary:immediate
window:pane
diffident:shy
evoke:bring to mind
despairingly:desolately
altitude:elevation
festivity:merriment
forestalling:averting
shrouded:cloaked
warfare:war
Revere:hold in the highest regard
service:advantage
establishment:launch
devoutly:stanchly
sternly:humorlessly
aid:utility
subjugate:overpower
praiseworthy:commendable
ration:dispense
diocese:see
defunct:redundant
quaver:quiver
compare:associate
becalmed:at a standstill
dropout:quit
hole:error
orthodoxy:prevailing attitude
Urban:inner-city
PIN:attach
ilk:sort
testiness:snappiness
swaying:believable
achieve:attain
bombshell:blow
quarrel:wrangle
inadvertent:unintended
illustrative:expounding
automatically:robotically
animosity:antagonism
cadet:plebe
easy:painless
vertebrae:vertebral column
complicated:thorny
accurate:perfect
flag:slump
subservient:deferential
trouble:misfortune
knowledge:acquaintance
unwisely:injudiciously
prominence:celebrity
labor:overstress
audibly:noticeably
gone:passed on
disadvantage:trouble
light:dainty
airtight:sealed
disturbingly:distressingly
conceit:self-satisfaction
gory:fierce
coincidental:fluky
loam:earth
trifling:frivolous
glamor:attraction
supposing:conjecture
stature:figure
set:unbending
zero:zilch
definite:exact
backbreaking:arduous
dingy:dull
business:question
idea:appreciation
maternally:protectively
aggravate:fan the flames of
explaining:amplification
safely:carefully
weather:survive
matchless:unparalleled
heartrending:affecting
pry:meddle
volition:will
As:in the same way as
powerless:immobilized
beset:inundated
pack:bunch
convalescence:recuperation
suggestible:impressionable
face:look toward
twine:bend
wisecrack:riposte
hoarding:signpost
demonstration:demo
kitty:pool
weaken:exhaust
translate:decode
lineup:listings
earmark:keep
elitism:superiority
remnants:bits and pieces
heedless:without regard
haul:tow
tumult:turbulence
surprise:take by surprise
seclusion:isolation
post:send
studs:jewels
secure:reliable
extemporize:do something on the fly
nugget:lump
nastiness:maliciousness
pipe:cylinder
indecisive:faltering
record:document
intrusive:disturbing
Holder:pocket
going:leaving
harshly:disturbingly
forfeiture:forfeit
pleasantries:gossip
measurable:quantifiable
modify:adjust
assembly:council
ledge:shelf
broaden:thicken
place:area
adroitness:skillfulness
offload:free from
citation:excerpt
get:acquire
refill:stock up
shadowy:unclear
clack:click
sanctum:chamber
mythological:legendary
amortize:pay back
standard:model
vestige's:leftovers
grand:wonderful
reminiscence's:memoirs
validly:reliably
curtailment:reduction
speckle:fleck
Sweet:pleasing
economize:scrimp and save
gray:old
useful:handy
obligingly:courteously
embodiment:epithet
interstate:divided highway
brazenly:boldly
garb:attire
cerulean:navy
artery:channel
hole:break
bunting:decoration
evict:eject
kindly:nice
strike:work stoppage
clock:alarm clock
skunk:worm
liner:pool liner
flummox:confound
design:draft
gratify:delight
sleazily:disreputably
highly:greatly
remit:reduce
confrontational:offensive
choke:block
coop:pen
imperturbably:calmly
significantly:radically
take:steal
structure:arrangement
tie:equal finish
probation:trial
even:stable
confirm:fortify
shopper:buyer
consummate:talented
over:on
repugnance:disgust
stream:issue
peacekeeping:mediation
quickly:abruptly
info:figures
behold:regard
nasty:horrible
fortitude:resilience
stockpile:hoard
unwittingly:accidentally
thing:craze
needs:wants
allusion:hint
guzzle:swig
ceramics:stoneware
anonymity:vagueness
peek:peer
televise:put out
overshoot:miss
grungy:ragged
credited:official
season:period
sweaty:sticky
insolently:disrespectfully
adjustable:flexible
repair:get working again
wiry:tough
routine:habitual
subdue:restrain
pivot:spin around
gush:surge
scramble:run
guise:outfit
convalesce:restore your health
set:fix
oppressive:hot
fancy:picture
viscous:thick
abomination:atrocity
radiating:searing
foursome:quartet
longing:hunger
oceans:mountain
ethnicity:mores
apportion:dole out
nightclothes:nightdress
intuitively:by instinct
intestine's:bowels
transmute:transform
humorist:stand-up
observantly:attentively
enthused:stimulated
heart:compassion
innovator:pacesetter
irresponsibly:foolishly
agreeing:supportive
pen:fountain pen
crudely:frankly
demoralized:dispirited
blossom:come out of yourself
decamp:desert
Frost:rime
dirtiness:pollution
routine:practice
dexterously:adeptly
drizzly:damp
frame:body
hobnob:socialize
tree's:foliage
donor:supporter
begin:get underway
hamstrung:confined
reel:totter
predominant:biggest
flight:trip
children:brood
rally:recuperate
cry:shed tears
hue:manner
sponger:parasite
spicy:fiery
swagger:boasting
name:term
nationwide:generally
complex:development
palaver:nuisance
denounce:charge
greediness:miserliness
broaden:make wider
massive:bulky
powerful:formidable
causeway:ramp
spend:use up
meaningful:momentous
excise:eliminate
serrated:ragged
thrash:slaughter
escalating:getting higher
careworn:beleaguered
utmost:most distant
care:protection
alternatively:instead
frills:added extras
corpulence:beefiness
hurtle:crash
thud:thump
seedless:unsown
mediate:referee
combined:united
overkill:excess
mean:involve
reserved:modest
curtailed:condensed
pirouette:go round
blue:unhappy
circulation:flow
dissipate:disperse
acrid:sharp
brainstorm:innovation
prompt:swift
siesta:rest
majority:womanhood
expended:finished
cosmological:planetary
approach:accost
seized:detained
judge:moderator
bulkiness:bulk
indulgence:luxury
crumb:speck
pelt:coat
truce:lull
ration:allot
rejected:old
acceptable:suitable
prompt:punctual
easy:uncomplicated
converge:come together
copying:doubling-up
disconsolate:miserable
doughty:intrepid
maltreat:abuse
perpetuity:infinity
poisonous:fatal
fishy:strange
sapped:exhausted
exuberant:energetic
zip:energy
recurring:persistent
panache:?lan
blow:shock
didactic:moralistic
appurtenances:accessories
watch:guard
discomforting:uncomfortable
staffing:recruitment
IN:within
brash:tasteless
hotheadedly:recklessly
swiftness:fleetness
comrade:companion
jumpiness:jitteriness
squandering:extravagant
stalk:shoot
migrant:nomad
flog:lash
scramble:rush
fortify:strengthen
median:middle
turbulence:confusion
gradient:hill
infamy:scandal
worries:qualms
phony:cheat
modifiable:changeable
euphoria:joy
rightful:due
wastage:wear and tear
jumbo:immense
equivalently:regularly
canvas's:survey
tyro:novice
farther:past
Pole:baton
decency:honesty
recommended:not compulsory
agree:fall in with
deliberately:methodically
pretender:candidate
quickly:hastily
material:cloth
scientific:precise
consideration:kindness
decrease:reduction
flea's:lice
stage:theater
checking:scrutiny
mournfulness:grief
crashed:not working
call:term
desolate:forlorn
hardheartedly:insensitively
tummy:belly
measureless:immense
hopefulness:optimism
righteously:blamelessly
statistic:marker
renovation:reconstruction
commute:exchange
peripatetic:nomadic
glimmer:gleam
rebate:reimbursement
accountability:answerability
baton:wand
Short:succinct
prominently:notably
continue:carry on
handwriting:writing
squeamish:prudish
hideout:place of escape
paltry:trivial
ridged:grooved
withdraw:retreat
unravel:work loose
brochure:booklet
spell:presage
emphatic:evident
rumpus:stir
determine:conclude
infancy:youth
maturing:budding
unsettle:disquiet
bumptious:pleased with yourself
unburden:confess
state:federation
courtly:chivalrous
Hessian:canvas
educational:learning
wrathfully:angrily
reserve:salt away
transact:conduct
primed:in place
from:as of
pelt:hair
yank:wrench
breezily:lightheartedly
attention:consideration
strongly:ardently
absurdly:meaninglessly
sway:command
credo:philosophy
dome:showground
obtuseness:dimness
adjourn:suspend
pay:shell out
saintly:perfect
cases:personal belongings
pause:wait
communicator:chatterbox
unready:immature
unassuming:ordinary
cabaret:restaurant
gyration:roll
objection:doubt
Seton:set upon
Royal's:royal family
devaluation:reduction
clock:timepiece
Dodge:sidestep
expediently:fittingly
operative:active
table:shelve
replicated:simulated
exhume:disinter
field:theme
fritter:waste
subside:settle
forgiveness:amnesty
hint:insinuation
furious:infuriated
shabby:mean
state:land
guard:protector
ruthlessly:mercilessly
sparkler:pyrotechnics
sweltering:roasting
embryonic:nascent
flirtatious:coy
jilt:break up with
couch:formulate
lot:plight
placid:mild-mannered
incisively:judiciously
deprecating:offensive
include:comprise
automatically:mindlessly
unsavory:nasty
face:play
update:bring up to date
propose:insinuate
languor:slowness
ambition:aim
anticlimax:comedown
counterfeit:fabricate
thought:notions
temp:fill-in
placate:mollify
ornate:opulent
lift:pick up
discontinuous:sporadic
habit:liking
crossly:impatiently
attention's:romantic behavior
ground:base
connected:tied
myopia:nearsightedness
detachment:extrication
fleetingly:momentarily
slosh:splatter
prepared:geared up
remittance:allowance
fanciful:imaginary
varnish:patina
hoary:snowy
sorely:truly
acquiesce:agree
commander:senior officer
classmates:social group
blaring:earsplitting
irritating:grating
reenact:renovate
daydream:fantasy
computer:PC
certainly:indeed
shimmering:iridescent
distraught:upset
detain:hold up
value:attach importance to
respectably:adequately
standing:reputation
flourish:boom
tart:acidic
crackup:collapse
sieve:put through a sieve
search:explore
spiel:lingo
mediator's:peacekeeping troops
netting:web
clan:family
averting:forestalling
fear:concern
fervor:passion
translucent:clear
spurt:emit
holiday:feast
incompatible:clashing
straightforward:straight
recital:reading
last:end
connubial:married
untiring:patient
arduous:tough
dissipate:dispel
freshly:just this minute
asphalt:tarmac
histrionics:emotional behavior
specie's:genus
normal:routine
absurdity:meaninglessness
renewal:restitution
unfairly:dishonestly
castigate:chastise
attitude:bearing
conquering:glorious
fair:passable
ungainly:inelegant
nap:snooze
stand:booth
flattery:obsequiousness
entire:complete
ooze:well up
dally:waste time
lovingly:adoringly
rumple:crease
intend:have it in mind
happy:contented
spotted:dotted
pliant:flexible
imp:demon
mire:sludge
quivering:quaking
uncompromising:inflexible
touch:link with
Root's:extraction
scrounging:freeloading
hard:rigorously
voice:accent
irredeemable:stubborn
including:counting
spent:useless
microorganism:virus
relinquish:renounce
providence:external circumstances
sparse:light
nutritious:healthy
uneasiness:awkwardness
chorale:choir
incited:encouraged
long:prolonged
Charity:sympathy
maneuvering:management
resolution:steadfastness
somersaulting:plunging
unscramble:work out
strapping:broad-shouldered
impenetrable:indecipherable
stain:color
deign:force yourself
honoring:devotion
fix:patch up
trash:debris
frill's:embellishments
urchin:brat
adieu:send-off
juggle:organize
ablaze:blazing
organism:person
perplexing:bewildering
Cannon:field gun
rig:mock up
affectionately:warmly
check:examination
structure:formation
furtiveness:slyness
suburb's:border
sure:loyal
squint:peer
arranged:agreed
elating:heady
thievery:burglary
glamor:charm
proletariat:masses
impressionist:impersonator
bridle:check
obligate:oblige
effervescent:vibrant
meticulous:accurate
turn:good turn
trust:consign
we'd:get hitched
reconsideration:re-examination
depart:set out
laminate:protect
fictitious:untrue
repel:prevent
head:take precedence
close:loving
fretful:agitated
unhesitatingly:swiftly
layout:arrange
zealously:eagerly
confide:unburden your heart to
direction:target
regale:entertain
curious:intriguing
identify:equate
industry:conscientiousness
appreciably:considerably
pulsation:throb
Land:ground
selflessness:self-sacrifice
finagle:wangle
level:direct
annotations:clarification
verbosity:long-windedness
brittle:easily broken
outlay:pay out
gambling:betting
inscription:writing
fecundity:lushness
honor:revere
mutton:veal
pucker:wrinkle
playoffs:game
devolve:hand to
concoction:creation
Bond:adhere
squashy:pulpy
tape:strip
high:tall
interesting:remarkable
harbor:hide
ecclesiastic:minister
coup:takeover
government:supervision
pulpy:mushy
death:ruin
meekly:mildly
fearful:atrocious
fireproof:fire-resistant
conformity:agreement
shoelace:cord
grumpy:crabby
gamble:risk
Set:regulate
complex:multifaceted
train:educate
entrapment:sting
use:handling
hit:success
correct:as it should be
chump:sap
evade:prevaricate
examining:tentative
spar:rod
push:shove
tenable:defensible
debauched:dissipated
emasculate:make ineffective
take:undergo
intelligibly:lucidly
cobalt:indigo
toot:hoot
tycoon:business person
dislocate:disorder
damages:reimbursement
pathos:misery
soft:muted
suppleness:elasticity
tangle:mat
realistically:genuinely
sweaty:hot
toil:hard work
blossoming:budding
rush:blast
whack:clout
revengeful:merciless
repression:suppression
furnish:equip
neophyte:recruit
boisterousness:disruptiveness
foster:forward
unfaithfulness:deceitfulness
just:recently
instep:synchronized
breakthrough:breach
while:time
intertwine:knit
repulsively:foully
accept:acknowledge
curb:reduce
mushroom:increase rapidly
save:put away
lace:line
harmonize:make proportionate
ovation:applause
taint:spot
redness:flush
polygonal:multilateral
enchantingly:attractively
hostilities:warfare
grumble:moan
bossy:interfering
fatness:chubbiness
dune:mound
Matt:not shiny
wash:cleanse
bridle:get angry
washout:disaster
break:disclose
pernicious:evil
remuneration:stipend
constant:persistent
disrobe:undress
ejaculate:expostulate
v:against
sternly:unsympathetically
people:populace
drink:soda
outpost:colony
wind:snake
clean:spotless
habituate:accustom
around:something like
tattle:snitch
wait:pause
somber:serious
navigate:steer
uproot:relocate
bear:develop
settled:established
In:popular
specific:given
discolored:stained
solicitous:kind
renovate:refurbish
injunction:ruling
net:clear
ungodly:irreligious
unplanned:unintended
windowpane:sheet of glass
subjugation:overthrow
lineup:schedule
rainstorm:shower
acuteness:height
inhumanly:cold-bloodedly
patchwork:rig
gloat:triumph
detachment:disentanglement
convert:renovate
understanding:awareness
massage:rubdown
truthfulness:candor
Ray:trace
emolument:cream
unconfirmed:unsubstantiated
tint:color
against:touching
seize:arrest
scion:graft
precarious:risky
preparation's:provision
lost:deep in thought
encyclopedia:book
incinerate:set fire to
arouse:awaken
unprofessional:sloppy
with:by
preservative:chemical addition
hide:buffalo hide
detracting:suspicious
pause:hiatus
computerized:programmed
restraint's:manacles
peripatetic:roaming
plop:splash
poltergeist:presence
championship:battle
excessive:unnecessary
unshakable:firm
wittingly:intentionally
betrayal:unfaithfulness
section:portion
Burr:tone of voice
dazed:overcome
satirist:comedian
rebuke:scold
genealogy:lineage
hindquarter's:rear legs
undisguised:unconcealed
meaning:worth
bedlam:disorder
impudent:impolite
blow:upset
stick:detach
swindle:con
foxtrot:ballet
formidable:impressive
roost:settle
kindly:nicely
cerulean:cobalt
handily:compactly
display:demonstrate
concept:model
defenseless:exposed
fledgling:chicken
confounded:confused
proscribed:restricted
terrifyingly:awfully
loneliness:lonesomeness
grate:rub
garments:fashion
negligent:nonchalant
fear's:worries
defensible:valid
meticulousness:precision
excitable:nervous
subversive:seditious
overdrawn:in debt
solution:elucidation
initiation:admission
pronto:promptly
contemptibly:unkindly
chatty:talkative
cohesive:consistent
ply:overwhelm
platter:serving dish
thongs:beach sandals
prospect:view
jog:trot
discernible:visible
pirouette:circle
foment:provoke
sadistic:vicious
sultry:close
labor:strive
furnish:supply
replicate:reproduce
aptly:suitably
potential:prospective
Mark:symbol
untwist:unravel
videotape:tape
error:boo-boo
flatness:evenness
icy:polar
footage:recording
undeclared:implicit
stupendous:astonishing
tawdry:tasteless
maintain:insist
leftover:to play with
armament:guard
perform:achieve
we'll:perfectly
skipper:boss
exact:faithful
wry:dry
expectant:in suspense
unfasten:unlock
straight:directly
said:believed
reparation:reimbursement
note:footnote
phony:snake oil
modernistic:futuristic
soft:pleasant
Lot:bundle
avaricious:grasping
mute:quiet
accession:succession
philanthropist:humanitarian
Chance:fortune
waken:rouse
save:accumulate
old:older
impressiveness:gravity
help:comfort
convulsion:fit
ceaselessly:ad infinitum
gloss:misinformation
mode:genre
staff:personnel
inventiveness:imagination
perturbing:tormenting
image:aura
bragging:complacent
family:lineage
onetime:once
teach:tutor in
blossom:flower head
alight:perch
outstretched:stretched out
lunch:have lunch
abusiveness:tastelessness
germane:of interest
sorority:union
perennial:persistent
introduction:launch
hind:back
soak:drench
crescendo:swelling
unworldly:unsophisticated
lynch:hang
luminous:shining
proliferate:burgeon
snuff:bump off
rumble:crash
file:scrape
churlish:grumpy
inhumane:heartless
IE:explicitly
unacquainted:unknowledgeable
pickup:call for somebody
swearword:oath
unvarnished:matter-of-fact
pop:current
complaining:tetchy
compromise:do a deal
alienation:unfriendliness
gross:flagrant
dominion:power
mace:staff
craze:vogue
bristle:prickle
work:product
contrition:apology
subdued:submissive
wilds:wilderness
ostentation:flamboyance
Riddle:mystery
chairperson:C.E.O.
ravine:narrow valley
sandal's:beach sandals
voucher:ticket
pandemic:endemic
treasonable:rebellious
procession:sequence
choreography:manipulation
intercede:negotiate
quiet:undisturbed
specially:to order
curious:interested
realization:awareness
operate:conduct
haven:shelter
desperate:distracted
trimming's:accompaniments
experience:suffer
dissemble:evade
people:individuals
Be:befall
cataloging:class
civility:courteousness
unresponsive:indifferent
extort:wrest
fragrant:perfumed
cogently:lucidly
recognizable:familiar
heartbreaking:distressing
regression:debility
receptacle:container
mannerism:tick
restraint:curb
cross:annoy
outskirts:outer edge
zealous:fervent
back:put a bet on
aggravation:irritation
weather:ride out
scale:climb
vanquished:bested
enraged:hopping mad
occupied:under enemy control
adrift:loose
aerobatics:aerial tricks
melodic:tuneful
ABC:nitty-gritty
achiever:hard worker
appearance:facade
structure:construct
iniquitous:immoral
dump:waste disposal site
happen:go off
unbecoming:ungainly
sit:be seated
curt:terse
ire:anger
liquefy:melt
disown:refuse to acknowledge
germ:kernel
bicentennial:birthday
send:transmit
disorganization:ineptitude
lantern:kerosene lamp
convert:move
wire:line
fizzing:effervescent
exercise:bring to bear
cleansing:sanitization
reproach:rebuke
repossession:recouping
chivalrous:courtly
frolic:skip
diffused:subtle
stock:stash
showy:flashy
ahead:in front
for:used for
permutation:incarnation
enlist:join
undercut:emasculate
transmittal:transfer of funds
whitish:colorless
aggressively:assertively
top:cap
fitness:appropriateness
dabbler:amateur
violet:purple
crash:bump
conjectural:imaginary
surge:well up
buggy:pram
suspect:imagine
theoretical:notional
pillion:passenger seating
speak:be fluent in
familiarized:adapted
real:absolutely
restitution:restoration
bulletin:press release
flatly:completely
stature:eminence
freebie:free sample
stay:visit
smooth:shiny
insinuation:implication
passing:transient
cheekily:impertinently
cautiously:with care
deficient:wanting
exorcise:purge
unbroken:constant
entrust:trust
nearer:quicker
enemy:foe
defile:violate
negligence:carelessness
invocation:summons
quake:shudder
ineptly:ineffectually
cycle:phase
specs:eyeglasses
rambler:walker
lifeless:unresponsive
tidily:neatly
jealously:closely
theatrical:artificial
candid:forthright
blend:m?lange
extenuating:mitigating
wishes:needs
commanding:imposing
slack:careless
suspected:alleged
nausea:queasiness
stain:discolor
pontificate:preach
patter:tapping
lucidity:articulacy
outshine:beat
chink:crevice
preside:control
indecisive:irresolute
mutiny:recalcitrance
pall:fade
sensitively:thoughtfully
uncorroborated:not backed up
shape:nature
fast:sharp
adulteration:ruining
line:method
quality:eminence
goon:keep going
offhandedly:casually
incident:fight
route:transmit
nevertheless:but
Frank:honest
waterproof:impermeable
rejoicing:satisfaction
terrific:excellent
dab:spot
spell:stretch of time
turn:curve
temptingly:engagingly
bearing:impact
unluckily:unfortunately
scamper:hurry
impact:contact
adroit:skilled
lift:elate
Masses:stacks
covert:clandestine
A's:being
invincible:supreme
respect's:compliments
escalate:shoot up
vaudeville:revue
deactivate:switch off
restate:regurgitate
commend:give
offstage:in the wings
exalt:sing the praises of
fatherly:protective
bore:bore to tears
glittering:shimmering
vibrantly:flamboyantly
sever:shear off
readiness:willingness
currently:at this time
punctiliously:painstakingly
direction:aim
plenty:a lot
pirate:reproduce
disapprove:veto
difficult:intractable
assignation:get-together
defenses:resistance
appeal:call
Bloom:shadow
pressure:pressurize
glad:delighted
rations:food
heavenly:cherubic
procession:line
innocent:innocuous
infatuated:obsessed
screen:put on
fiber:structure
terrific:super
etch:draw
firmness:steadiness
train:prepare
overestimated:glorified
locked:sheltered
crazy:fanatical
pileup:heap up
thorny:hard
knowledge:intelligence
rise:augmentation
uncaring:heartless
knickknack's:ornaments
leisurely:easy
preeminence:dominance
outlawed:barred
unparalleled:matchless
frequent:hang around
demoralization:dejection
mine:quarry
still:even now
dilute:attenuate
smeared:dirty
erratically:inconsistently
but:although
rations:supplies
lead:head
logic:common sense
gabby:gushing
surrogate:deputy
obscure:murky
unpleasantly:unattractively
predictor:prophet
unassailable:irrefutable
predictive:prophetic
redundant:disused
grownup:full-grown
flat:even
jounce:jerk
flounce:stomp
thunder:resound
repose:lounge
unkindly:hurtfully
maverick:rebel
highland:raised ground
naturally:in nature
irreparable:irredeemable
fearlessly:valiantly
rapier:foil
stratum:echelon
hike:ramble
unvoiced:silent
tonic:refresher
take:purchase
scalding:torrid
straightforwardly:clearly
authority:evidence
prank's:tomfoolery
being:life
Buddy:chum
stab:gouge
massage:work
farmhouse:council house
wear:hold
loads:lots
equitably:justifiably
defaulting:failure to pay
uniform:equal
jesting:lighthearted
providence:chance
mooch:walk
growl:bark
variable:alterable
zing:punch
venturesome:brave
tribute:compliment
infidelity:betrayal
dependably:regularly
correct:assess
stern:firm
pressing:imperative
close:seal off
down:overcome
purpose:object
rivet:interest
squeal:yell
relegation:demotion
defer:postpone
immaterial:of no importance
mushy:over-sentimental
anti:unwilling
snipe:criticize
Allie's:buddies
serious:meaningful
swill:pig food
disrespectful:impolite
flashing:discontinuous
hurrying:rushing
hem:lengthen
gloat:take pride
tenacious:persistent
quantity:size
declared:acknowledged
madden:enrage
congress:assembly
clap:give a round of applause
spacious:hard work
dedication:commitment
team:lineup
overrunning:overflow
bank:array
moratorium:cessation
take:regard
ingenuously:sincerely
booster:vaccination
genuflect:bob
show:radio show
particular:fastidious
pluck:courage
modulate:curb
default:shirk
assume:feign
ingot:bar
turnout:manufacture
rosiness:redness
pedigree:lineage
Mill:powder
intermittently:now and then
compose:settle down
intensify:increase
stiffness:stringency
command:rule
grandeur:stateliness
ready:timely
immediately:right away
bothersome:niggling
ephemeral:momentary
peppy:perky
issue:broadcast
guffaw:roll with laughter
mutton:animal protein
sate:slake
develop:flesh out
magnificently:wonderfully
aggrieved:ill-treated
rein:harness
greediness:meanness
tortuous:byzantine
logic:sense
tenseness:jumpiness
optional:non-compulsory
cockamamie:loopy
talks:consultation
task:charge
surveillance:scrutiny
contender:nominee
affirmatively:in a positive way
serene:cool
exist:continue living
duct:canal
fanatical:obsessive
cannily:carefully
scatterbrained:careless
grind:break up
financier:supporter
outlet:hole
transfer:transport
wrangle:battle
awl:tool
acclimatize:familiarize yourself
rescuer:redeemer
Lamb:pork
daringly:courageously
clock:watch
abrasive:rasping
hallmark:characteristic
sincerely:really
freshen:retouch
joist:spar
fanatically:fervently
alternate:alternative
boastful:bigheaded
appraise:review
injection:addition
dogmatically:unbendingly
beige:mushroom
constructively:beneficially
nettle:irritate
hearty:cheerful
work:labor
conjuring:trickery
pitted:rough
solder:repair
nucleus:center
unpalatable:foul-tasting
acrobatic:flexible
upkeep:conservation
channel:waterway
reversal:turnaround
mind:look after
mass:mountain
scornful:disrespectful
disinfected:germ-free
appliance:use
mismatch:difference
compellingly:evocatively
aching:throbbing
hold:support
ban:bar
evidence:data
next:after that
contemporaneous:at the same time
investor:backer
unprepared:spontaneous
badly:willfully
realize:accomplish
forebear:predecessor
comradeship:companionship
hatch:crisscross
Buck's:cash
pretension:pretense
astride:on both sides of
symptomatic:suggestive
reverberating:low
perform:do
gain:benefit
interpret:decode
ponderously:tediously
hives:skin complaint
extremely:exceptionally
ceaseless:continuous
rowdiness:boisterousness
separable:independent
fireplace:fire
unscientific:half-baked
disloyal:untrustworthy
unspeakably:horribly
woolgathering:distraction
quarrelsome:grouchy
bulk:volume
bulletin:announcement
denouement:end
anterior:frontal
sharp:clever
erroneously:mistakenly
haggard:faded
affirmation:verification
handouts:offerings
sequestration:confiscation
doodle:draw pictures
authenticity:validity
promise:hint at
call:phone
snappish:irritable
great:groovy
edge:tiptoe
deftness:skill
Hope:trust
hawker:pusher
fatalistic:philosophical
fitness:suitability
militant:revolutionary
bulwark:buttress
toil:work
cornflakes:breakfast cereal
unhappily:sorry to say
shell:missile
firm:partnership
barbecue:sear
tiara:crown
cadence:inflection
suppleness:agility
impertinently:impolitely
decontaminate:neutralize
complimentary:civil
impolitely:indecorously
rider:specification
bite:attack
federate:unite
peacemaker:diplomat
repulse:disgust
banter:mock
Bright:happy
manners:comportment
fine:good quality
increased:amplified
disheartened:downcast
rucksack:pack
sulkiness:moodiness
light:weightless
somebody:a name
smooth:level
concurrent:agreeing
debris:flotsam and jetsam
slack:loose
circumspection:care
riposte:comeback
equally:similarly
bother:upset
feverishly:busily
wholesaler:merchant
crafty:sly
nominee:contender
elaborateness:pomposity
virtue's:qualities
ominous:unpromising
pip:stone
rarity:find
memory:reminiscence
cautiousness:caution
sweetheart:pet
tipple:alcoholic drink
recurrent:chronic
irremediable:irreversible
rubble:wreckage
founder:come to nothing
certain:reliable
prudence:good sense
shtick:rapid speech
pottage:sauce
capable:clever
turnout:work out
discuss:confer
humorless:severe
make:make it to
Ward:area
scold:haul over the coals
uptown:fashionable
resolution:pledge
steely:hard
canteen:dining hall
evermore:gradually
scatterbrained:unreliable
broadcast:transmission
demonstrate:march
rush:precipitate
backbreaking:taxing
wanted:required
decoy:entrap
credit:acclaim
visor:screen
bleak:wintry
scrounging:leechlike
ceremoniously:majestically
fowl:chick
ecosystem:network
disenchanted:embittered
noxious:nasty
char:burn
inconceivable:implausible
meaningless:unimportant
irresolution:indecision
crashing:roaring
daydreaming:carelessness
crowning:top
hard:callous
disapprove:turn down
rummage:look through
veined:marbled
waster:ne'er-do-well
sited:placed
firmness:rigidity
suspect:unsure
salient:outstanding
direct:express
artiste:entertainer
advantage's:recompense
synchronize:match
automobile:car
scholarly:educated
disapprovingly:frowningly
Mobile:cell phone
civilized:polite
muffle:gag
timeworn:unoriginal
PC:notebook
certify:endorse
shelf:step
accessible:simple
attentively:considerately
hiking:rock climbing
embellish:embroider
wine:mauve
nap:forty winks
argue:disagree
lucid:well-structured
bigmouth:busybody
rapidity:swiftness
gamble:bet
impossible:awkward
persnickety:hard to please
do:achieve
buddies:associates
gripped:engrossed
droopy:limp
sanitized:clean
hard:awkward
consideration:selflessness
exhort:encourage
ugly:dreadful
heavy:gloomy
infuse:souse
look:aspect
Cherry:pink
image's:imagery
unloose:let out
present:offering
formidable:terrifying
staff:run
abhorrent:detestable
lope:rush
late:eleventh-hour
fiendish:brutal
attentiveness:kindness
most:nearly everyone
spear:spike
clot:congeal
revulsion:disgust
readout:state formally
patron's:clientele
detail's:minutiae
funds:cash
Green:rural
backpack:knapsack
perkiness:vigor
bedraggled:messy
hanker:yearn
recognized:established
rashness:foolishness
judge's:board of judges
wonder:miracle
addition's:superfluities
cloudburst:downpour
neediness:poverty
lustrous:shiny
perishing:wet
gratify:indulge
alacrity:readiness
Gray:old
hotheadedness:impulsiveness
hollowly:flatly
trusting:naive
gourmand:connoisseur
meaty:substantial
discordant:cacophonous
beyond:past
penchant:liking
paper:tabloid
victorious:successful
obstructive:unhelpful
ecstasy:elation
preferment:advancement
cubicle:workspace
forcible:effective
homeland:native soil
putative:reputed
modify:revise
terminal:airport
unoriginal:copied
normal:standard
unfairly:illegally
innocuous:innocent
palpitation:tremor
chaotically:frantically
amongst:in the middle of
order:request
attire:dress
regression:falling off
coldness:cold
soreness:discomfort
swaying:influential
upper:greater
sagacious:learned
grandiloquent:overbearing
cord:string
improper:inappropriate
cryptogram:secret language
nitpicking:concern
economic:trade and industry
bombast:swagger
leave:abandon
bashfully:warily
finger:toy with
generalized:global
unexciting:humdrum
snazzy:bright
submerged:flooded
campaign:fight
curtail:restrain
acumen:expertise
fish:scout about
tournament:competition
hostility:aggression
feedback:advice
altogether:usually
improvisation:getting by
captain:team leader
recurring:inveterate
Pace:lick
center:meeting place
energized:animated
Hood:top
rule's:regulations
Chance:luck
wonderment:bewilderment
pulsating:energetic
bugle:announce
regard:consider
unobtrusive:unremarkable
first:initially
resounding:rich
develop:build on
chance:unintended
pirouette:rotate
exact:demand
anarchism:lawlessness
truant:be A.W.O.L.
ascertain:learn
weepy:over-sentimental
rinse:colorant
acidic:sour
ruddiness:flush
air:broadcast
dissenter:rebel
perform:act
minimize:decrease
harmonious:toning
quicker:closer
snap:bite
entire:full
influx:entry
sturdy:vigorous
subvert:weaken
gems:ornaments
expressive:easy-to-read
wraith:specter
bisect:intersect
inglorious:humiliating
untruthfully:deceptively
gruff:grumpy
combination:number sequence
weightless:buoyant
unannounced:without warning
wringing:soaked
buff:manila
prefecture:region
prepayment:deposit
faultfinding:ugly
sugared:sweet
chronicles:history
bounteous:plentiful
extravaganza:musical
Buck:responsibility
savor:value
underdone:pink
bar:slab
irredeemable:unalterable
frenziedly:hysterically
spell:connote
biting:stinging
scathingly:contemptuously
shiver:frisson
hatch:insert
declamatory:booming
deluge:shower
fishy:underhanded
omitted:absent
contrariness:stubbornness
gibbering:furious
package:pack up
futilely:ineffectually
bicentennial:bicentenary
chunky:in chunks
hotly:excitably
undependable:unstable
condescendingly:contemptuously
personal:not public
score:cut
beautification:embroidery
princely:large
flail:whirl
failing:weak spot
mercenaries:armed force
dusk:early evening
fortunately:providentially
tidings:report
trepidation:anxiety
opine:harangue
favor:preference
impossibly:incredibly
manic:creepy
unassailable:unquestionable
ax:hack
frenzied:frantic
gauche:clumsy
baseness:ignobleness
well:distinctly
languid:lethargic
pertinacious:obstinate
flag:label
uninspired:bland
sorrowing:regretful
medium:form
accordingly:appropriately
portfolio:collection
blunder:flounder
secured:protected
shirk:dodge
made:ready
tariff:rate
processor:supercomputer
cataclysmic:shattering
thriftiness:economy
explaining:elucidation
mouth:impertinence
qualm:doubt
peppy:vivacious
Fox:deceive
banality:facileness
rhythmically:to the beat
paddock:sty
coloring:tan
stylishly:elegantly
stern:strict
log's:fuel
discourteously:boorishly
reconciling:reconciliation
spreading:dispersion
demarcate:define
tidiness:leanness
target:aim at
decorations:ticker tape
interminably:forever
House:mansion
voluminous:roomy
trick:fool
travel:trek
unchecked:abandoned
joyfully:gladly
catch:understand
forlorn:deserted
statue:image
directly:truthfully
quirky:original
penknife:army knife
traveler:voyager
telepathic:telekinetic
specific:restricted
Justice:righteousness
scalpel:dagger
create:invent
passionately:avidly
fast:firm
provisos:requisites
license:authority
innocent:harmless
rivalry:competition
occur:come about
studious:assiduous
firmly:confidently
early:first
intelligibility:precision
modify:tone down
chilly:icy
stricture:restriction
nether:hind
authority:sanction
untie:unknot
engagingly:temptingly
fastness:stronghold
seaworthy:maritime
nakedness:openness
job:affair
antenna:satellite dish
jug:carafe
irritable:tetchy
club:bludgeon
establish:start
duty:responsibility
ponderous:slow
obligated:required
size:dimension
amputate:remove
habitual:ordinary
light's:illumination
short:little
manly:masculine
Rover:itinerant
forfeiture:fine
captain:chief
Midway:in the middle
society:the upper crust
captive:caged
locker:cubbyhole
irregular:random
preside:be in charge
kin:relatives
settee:sofa
embellishment:trimming
slushy:sentimental
watchfulness:vigilance
CPU:central processing unit
hidebound:prejudiced
snobby:snooty
desperate:hopeless
edict:decree
narcissistic:selfish
paltry:wretched
lounge:loll
instance:occasion
top:crown
pearl:gem
penalize:deal with severely
misgiving's:fears
influx:incursion
din:tumult
fuming:cross
cistern:container
direct:shortest
shatter:smash
family:species
do:work out
price:value
frolic:play
fret:upset
file:categorize
deliverance:delivery
sought:hunted
ruthlessness:brutality
gist:essence
disinterestedly:independently
murderous:homicidal
culture:customs
repulse:nauseate
burnished:sparkly
yen:desire
nap:catnap
decrepit:weak
surface:come out in the open
indispensable:obligatory
keenness:ardor
foresee:anticipate
record:album
downward:downstairs
greater:larger
plush:luxurious
stream:spill
absolutely:enormously
topography:landscape
term:name
usher:attendant
reunite:come together
fanciful:whimsical
fretful:petulant
stammer:hesitant speech
emphatically:categorically
disinfectant:sterilizer
shamefulness:dishonor
circling:gyratory
satisfying:gratifying
endorse:sanction
fine:payment
superior:excellent
initiator:architect
debilitate:hinder
monitor:supervise
clear:filmy
compassionate:empathetic
shaft:streak
length:time taken
stiffness:tautness
waif:stray
accidentally:by chance
livelihood:income
colliery:mine
gainsay:naysay
conference:summit
inaugurate:initiate
grubby:grimy
fortune:wealth
blessedness:sacredness
impossibly:very
concern:trepidation
revivify:rejuvenate
flying:in the air
economizing:tightfisted
function:party
pledge:give your word
appositely:fittingly
spine:vertebrae
material:stuff
adorable:lovable
poltergeist:ghost
run:dart
governor:controller
Superior:greater
onset:start
itch:crawl
erratically:unevenly
gifted:talented
dexterously:ably
disbelief:distrust
jaw:chin
naturalness:spontaneity
nip:pinch
memo:note
carp:go on
persecution:maltreatment
pert:sassy
back:formerly
inapt:beside the point
line:attitude
parallel:equivalent
drink:down
trounced:whitewashed
speed:velocity
interned:caged
catch:clasp
pliant:bendable
immersed:wrapped up
costs:expenses
blissful:delightful
far:other
earthiness:rudeness
confounding:mystifying
bear:back
very:same
immediately:just now
pass:bypass
balk:start
survive:live on
blowup:destroy
glut:accumulation
plaudit:recognition
shaft:bore
sedative:narcotic
award:verdict
bribe:induce
thwack:whack
impulsiveness:rashness
hemorrhage:be bleeding
impose:impress
organize:coordinate
dent:knock
downcast:unhappy
protracted:long-drawn-out
mortifying:humiliating
circumflex:umlaut
uninvited:unsought
advanced:sophisticated
tremor:tremble
need:poverty
beep:beep-beep
remaining:outstanding
crashed:worn-out
incurable:fatal
strike:go-slow
electrify:thrill
peal:ring
edgy:like a cat on a hot tin roof
protest:affirm
cereal:puffed rice
join:become a member
tempestuously:stormily
procure:buy
keen:biting
settled:advanced
weeping:expression of grief
tumbler:entertainer
apprehensive:fearful
fad:trend
impatiently:intolerantly
cardinal:core
visit:vacation
addendum:codicil
physiotherapy:remedy
matured:developed
uncomplicated:down-to-earth
volley:hit
massive:considerable
alight:blazing
credo:beliefs
crane:hoist
inestimably:immeasurably
thinly:delicately
waxen:pale
swathe:ribbon
replace:reinstate
fluster:upset
drop:cut
proper:modest
homesick:reflective
gritty:sober
columnist:magazine columnist
fray:wear
stuck:stumped
falsehood:mendacity
dereliction:ruin
whiner:grouch
decision:choice
indecisively:vacillatingly
best:paramount
moral:significance
swat:smack
skill:cleverness
toddle:totter
group:categorize
member:component
endowed:able
ideal:paradigm
freedom:sovereignty
deprave:debase
fruitfulness:success
fashion:vogue
perennial:returning
whet:hone
primordial:elemental
swish:whistle
cuff's:manacles
chintzy:trashy
concerning:with regard to
clangor:clang
fishy:suspicious
hoarding:sign
negative:depressing
guerrilla:revolutionary
commission:command
illegal:unlawful
caper:jape
upbraid:chastise
coastline:shoreline
imputation:citation
unison:union
dillydally:falter
drifter:hobo
delimit:restrict
quill:spine
endurance:fortitude
reopen:revive
vase:bud vase
embrace:squeeze
completely:fully
furtively:cautiously
usually:typically
circulation:spread
helpful:useful
commute:go back and forth
scheme:plan
decorations:flags
flue:tube
sanction:give permission to
aficionado:admirer
teach:lecture in
mawkish:syrupy
groom:comb
lantern:light
lather:soap
Battle:confrontation
handwriting:scribble
anemic:pale
squabble:fight
absolute:fixed idea
bear:swallow
sweetness:consideration
representative:spokesperson
wader:ankle boot
negatively:with a no
pacific:conciliatory
crash:crunch
reporters:newspapers
trounced:routed
taken:in use
demure:coy
flash:flare
cobbled:cobblestone
swill:gulp down
solemn:sincere
stylish:smart
irascible:irritable
disgraceful:reprehensible
unsolved:unanswered
magnetism:pull
hurried:under pressure
wrongdoing:misconduct
lovable:attractive
predictability:triteness
audaciously:riskily
joviality:jolliness
dotingly:fondly
resulting:ensuing
replenish:refill
attention:interest
desirable:desired
enticement:invitation
dustiness:filthiness
commission:contract
vision:ability to see
defining:major
joke:tall story
outspread:outstretched
aboriginal:native
bobbin:coil
menacing:ominous
nonplussed:thrown
blench:shrink back
lash:thump
despondent:downhearted
battery:string
park:recreational area
etch:cut
contrivance:machine
phenomenon:wonder
train:instruct
ought:must
speck:small piece
venison:mutton
tact:discernment
naval:sailing
seemliness:stateliness
unfurl:open up
preserve:reserve
metallic:sharp
picket:rod
catch:notice
undulate:rise and fall
boarder:occupant
disdain:scorn
teen:teenager
acceptably:adequately
billboard:commercial
physiotherapy:cure
lustrous:shimmering
performance:occurrence
doubtful:disbelieving
earthy:basic
lifeline:salvation
mawkish:overemotional
Strong:persuasive
joyously:merrily
quaver:trill
aggravating:irritating
philanthropy:charity
sentence:decree
aggrieved:put out
paper:essay
soft:undemanding
plunging:falling
produce:churn out
parry:circumvent
empty:pointless
strangulate:choke
undetectable:barely discernible
lose:suffer defeat
airiness:freshness
tunefully:melodically
adequate:plenty
eradication:suppression
subsist:make ends meet
orderly:well-behaved
debauched:dissolute
hatchback:rear door
reproachfully:disapprovingly
Innocent:childlike
mirth:jollity
reverse:back
gymnast:trapeze artist
disinterest:lack of interest
incarnate:in person
postmortem:inquisition
option:preference
frenzy:passion
garnishes:accompaniments
Pierce:cut
bluff:ruse
predatory:greedy
host:multitude
haughty:arrogant
duplicity:betrayal
queer:remarkable
blithe:happy-go-lucky
prefer:fancy
roast:heat
eccentricity:weirdness
condescendingly:mockingly
glorify:adore
evenhanded:equitable
spate:rise in
destructively:antagonistically
extrication:disconnection
solicitous:uneasy
connect:tie
comfy:relaxing
solace:comfort
communicate:lead into
lapse:pause
maybe:possibly
undercover:privately
hint:tip-off
dependable:steadfast
patrons:regulars
citizen's:populace
knot:bunch
invigorating:brisk
thoughtless:unthinking
Canton:parish
drab:dull
lure:trap
blazing:glowing
blitz:crackdown
anomalous:strange
hitting:striking
lightheaded:dizzy
rapacity:greed
grow:cultivate
repair:patch-up
fashion:manner
Stone:gemstone
prestigious:exalted
Pacific:peaceful
independent:detached
indisposition:minor ailment
conceited:stuck-up
demonstration:manifestation
ghoul:specter
signal:indicator
canister:flask
no:nix
streamlined:reorganized
unbroken:endless
richness:luxuriousness
majestic:superb
flimsy:weak
precipitously:suddenly
footpath:path
lodgings:digs
incarcerated:caged
solemn:serious
wadding:lining
refrigerated:chilled
stalwart:brave
outfox:outsmart
greatly:to a great extent
dry:dreary
choke:throttle
pattern:prefigure
secret:top secret
orate:deliver an address
affinity:attraction
sure:really
days:existence
Gray:cloudy
eye:gaze at
bony:lanky
computer:central processing unit
pitted:potholed
disfavor:low esteem
contritely:penitently
sac:purse
brew:make
deceiving:not to be trusted
grueling:rough
procurer:consumer
caption:heading
decently:morally
excursion:outing
disfigurement:deformity
allergy:hypersensitivity
fondly:lovingly
vermin:cockroaches
maladroit:gauche
lightened:sun-bleached
understanding:bond
severance:division
subside:fall down
rendezvous:meeting
occasion:opening
small:miniature
confederation:fusion
guarantee:pledge
intern:hold in custody
rover:itinerant
homestead:farmstead
music:tune
understanding:tolerant
expanding:escalating
take:fetch
that:with the purpose of
claim:entitlement
dragoon:bully
define:identify
richly:handsomely
course:gush
electrify:astonish
arctic:wintry
river:tributary
torrent:stream
immersion:fascination
distinct:apparent
divest:dissociate from
branch:part
crumpled:furrowed
sprout:pop up
arrive:turn up
stipulate:lay down
plead:beseech
extend:proffer
bestride:span
Rich:gorgeous
due:expected
Bright:brainy
shambles:mess
brokenhearted:desolate
rightful:correct
heal:reconcile
expropriate:impound
terrifically:very
awe:admiration
austerely:severely
skillfully:competently
denouncing:disapproving
partially:somewhat
ground:floor
announcement:message
throw:bowl
ornament:enhancement
escalation:increase
surreptitiously:underhandedly
augmented:improved
please:gratify
calcify:fossilize
deice:thaw out
play:have fun
joke:tale
pirouette:spin
cannily:slyly
procedure's:trial
culpable:in the wrong
enchantingly:captivatingly
glum:blue
gloom:obscurity
collectivist:socialist
assenting:positive
providing:on condition that
group:come together
gag:muzzle
precarious:unsteady
grueling:difficult
weep:sob
uninitiated:dilettante
gainful:useful
track:trace
calculation:cunning
splurge:gorge
charge:incriminate
testify:bear out
deep:absorbed
wear:erosion
hastily:unwisely
stipulation:proviso
daybed:couch
improper:shocking
sweaty:moist
fight:be at war with
colored:dyed
erasure:removal
forth:out
atrocious:evil
paleness:whiteness
puppet:pawn
higher:senior
radiantly:fiercely
ominously:unpromisingly
verifiable:supportable
magnitude:amount
recession:decline
advantageously:gainfully
hold:keep
perturbed:troubled
unnerved:nervy
signal:show
perfume:fragrance
seemly:fitting
indicate:designate
divorced:split
Stout:solid
Representative:agent
view:examination
desired:beloved
play:participate
Dodge:cut
mow:shear
hardheartedly:callously
hit:achieve
jurisdiction:control
precondition:condition
construe:take
shatter:break
unwittingly:unsuspectingly
saintliness:godliness
purely:absolutely
approve:commend
disparage:run down
sweetness:lovability
disenchant:disillusion
acquiesce:yield
arctic:chilly
fount:wellspring
Scrabble:grope
secure:self-assured
fated:predestined
intangibly:impalpably
capriciously:changeably
feeler:antenna
officiously:bossily
onset:arrival
cautioning:cautionary
hyper:frenzied
temporary:provisional
resilience:toughness
style:chic
tenacity:persistence
learn:be taught
below:underneath
triumphant:gleeful
elect:nominate
wilting:bendy
viciousness:spitefulness
but:other than
foreboding:sinister
sogginess:dampness
seedy:sordid
convivial:hospitable
miss:lose
trust:expect
venison:white meat
party:faction
disenchantment:bitterness
cultivate:promote
caustic:acid
powerful:distinct
agitated:troubled
unprompted:unforced
angry:cross
grave:crucial
falsely:dishonestly
decide:make a decision
rampart:barricade
rift:hole
glass:beaker
lock:tuft
irrelevance:insignificance
reasonably:practically
unconsidered:reactive
shadiness:obscurity
unraveled:ragged
service:examination
victorious:winning
sovereign's:royal family
walker:rambler
swell:supplement
puppet:hand-puppet
forgo:not bother with
preamble:preface
disburse:pay out
vacillation:uncertainty
oscillate:move back and forth
puff:breathe heavily
conjectural:abstract
someone:somebody
discomforted:discomfited
chatty:relaxed
natural:raw
extend:go
neatness:precision
chubby:chunky
protect:watch over
disobey:challenge
Strong:strong-tasting
people:colonize
graze:lesion
endearing:attractive
indiscretion:lack of caution
wrongdoer:malefactor
smother:suffocate
now:nowadays
relics:rest
meander:wander
twig:shoot
resilience:hardiness
judge:expert
rowdy:disruptive
unobserved:unseen
materially:immensely
show:bare
dampness:wetness
ecosystem:flora and fauna
readiness:keenness
sovereign:supreme ruler
order:classification
continue:go on with
accept:take
adoration:love
internal:in-house
immovably:obdurately
elevated:high
moroseness:grouchiness
choreograph:arrange
imposture:imitation
control:domination
notice:sign
midpoint:medium
international:intercontinental
violet:bluish-purple
weariness:lethargy
foremost:prime
overwork:overdo it
wantonness:shamelessness
granule:crumb
expect:suppose
shred:tatter
overhang:hang over
cynically:scornfully
unfulfilled:discontented
lucid:thought through
requisites:basics
scuffing:wear and tear
bane:curse
lateral:agile
impeccable:above reproach
trounced:conquered
base:headquarters
impossibly:intolerably
stagnate:sit around
ropes:wires
latent:hidden
cure:therapy
problematical:intricate
fullness:ampleness
lingering:lasting
host:horde
barn:storage place
rickety:rocky
tangible:physical
isolating:separating
fresh:new
bad:stale
protest:picket
nicety:small point
proclivity:tendency
primeval:ancient
coyly:bashfully
patterned:decorative
want:yearn for
nod:go-ahead
coldly:impersonally
assemblage:gathering
particular:distinct
forebode:foretell
catastrophe:calamity
freehand:without a pattern
strapped:poor
unmask:make public
carping:nit-picking
step:stride
venomously:bitterly
gregariousness:unreservedness
spread:multiply
impishly:playfully
thin:clear
progeny:young
way's:traditions
bumpy:jarring
nymph:leprechaun
mane:tresses
paved:covered
cloistered:protected
productiveness:usefulness
moistly:succulently
bridge:channel
imperiously:high-handedly
subordinate:lesser
perched:suspended
extremely:very
suggesting:portentous
patrons:clientele
gawkily:inelegantly
contrite:penitent
apologetically:diffidently
niggle:misgiving
quit:renounce
toot:blast
custody:detention
deceiving:illusory
symbolize:correspond to
exercise:implementation
flourish:display
breakthrough:breach
trouble:care
blunder:lurch
status:condition
Cologne:perfume
couch:chaise longue
douse:souse
erupt:discharge
raise:move up
misadventure:misfortune
glaze:smooth finish
independently:non-centrally
aloof:proud
tautly:tensely
hapless:unlucky
dewdrop:bead of moisture
video:record
definitive:state-of-the-art
recommence:start again
bleep:call
angst:worry
evocation:air
usage:use
accumulation:accrual
mistreatment:ill-treatment
near:verge on
brighten:open up
murderous:arduous
playoff:oppose
ad:personal ad
ripen:evolve
feeling's:way of thinking
Gray:hoary
roughness:brutality
foxtrot:rumba
diacritic:accent
misty:foggy
genesis:beginning
loaded:well-off
protest:gripe
justified:acceptable
spirit:mettle
outfit:kit out
aversion:repugnance
nutrition:diet
show:demonstrate
spasmodic:irregular
languid:leisurely
grate:grid
statement:account
removed:aloof
apex:height
cull:harvest
biggest:largest
gentility:discretion
spell:curse
moodiness:sulky
authorized:official
coarsen:roughen
ingenuity:creativity
series:succession
respectably:fairly
snippets:waste
wash:rinse
unreachable:unapproachable
Cologne:toilet water
knapsack:backpack
behind:following
tubby:plump
style:fashion
fine:pleasant
elaborateness:splendor
develop:expound
inventive:original
attractiveness:pleasant appearance
arid:boring
granted:arranged
imprint:impress
strike:occur to
perversion:distortion
totter:stumble
destroy:finish
clairvoyant:mystic
slush:mire
guardedly:warily
ridiculousness:preposterousness
drive:constrain
sign:put your signature on
reflect:suggest
committee:board
picket:strike
tasty:full of flavor
interdiction:prohibition
Dawn:sunup
unevenly:haphazardly
watch:lookout
miscreant:criminal
chapter:episode
change:modification
athletic:energetic
precariously:insecurely
way:style
stampede:sprint
mushy:soggy
lawsuit:charge
nonconformist:way-out
invite:induce
disarrangement:disorder
fragmented:split
air:declare
Battle:conflict
exhilaration:delight
tested:hardened
many:scores of
rundown:account
individuality:distinctiveness
broach:approach
decide:choose
honor:nobility
incapacitating:devastating
peg:measure
foxhole:den
shambles:muddle
delay:falter
jog:run
psychotherapist:analyst
lure:appeal
advantage:plus
regally:imperially
own:particular
wits:head
isolate:separate
grouch:grumble
supposed:aimed
total:full amount
while:as
ointment:cream
disgustingly:nauseatingly
position:set
desecrate:lay waste to
communications:infrastructure
sideline:unimportant
fixed:unchanging
marinate:keep
weakly:dimly
uninterrupted:nonstop
guard:shield
liftoff:launch
interrelate:connect
sovereign:absolute
arbitrator:intermediary
rousing:stimulating
supply:bring in
caption:slogan
uttered:articulated
returns:profits
outstay:stay on
entrails:intestines
Sweet:melodious
pomposity:magnificence
butte:foothill
write:put in writing
ahead:in advance
clear:unmistakable
contributions:aid
horse's:pigs
footbridge:bridge
blackout:power cut
tilted:out of true
democratic:self-ruled
piling:buttress
soundlessly:silently
statistic:gauge
minimally:plainly
chilling:unsettling
clearness:luminousness
strangeness:weirdness
mischievous:wicked
Love:have a thing about
daunting:overwhelming
Truth:reality
scribbled:scrawled
footing:foothold
impression's:impersonation
devotion:fidelity
minion:crony
frosty:frigid
improve:rally
wetland:everglade
expanding:getting bigger
multinational:international company
strike:arrange
opposed:contrasting
furor:rumpus
tedious:deadly
produced:bent
strike:fall upon
regulation:government
overpowering:consuming
unflappable:self-possessed
devotion:piety
amiable:cordial
spot:tad
parcel:pack
waterfall:falls
catnap:nap
fearlessly:courageously
yacht:craft
unutterable:unimaginable
Lot:allocation
row:quarrel
deprecate:decry
etc:and that
stanchion:joist
bracelet's:necklaces
gallant:fearless
abundance:wealth
trip:fall
murmur:mumble
whisper:soft voice
system:approach
goad:aggravate
spectral:phantom
amulet:lucky charm
unarmed:exposed
stump:remains
department:field
individual:characteristic
brimming:filled
sham:con
clobber:stuff
wraparound:snake
pristine:unspoiled
file:procession
drop:trickle
loyalty:reliability
prospect:viewpoint
photocopying:replication
menacing:scary
scam:trick
wounding:sharp
virulent:vituperative
maximize:get the most out of
consummate:achieve
transport:carrying
depletion:lessening
diligent:attentive
hideaway:bury
internee:hostage
relation's:family
faith:assurance
lackadaisically:unenthusiastically
gore:jab
trouble:exert yourself
triumphant:winning
revengeful:resentful
tranquility:calm
terminology:vocabulary
vista:panorama
throng:multitude
abrasive:coarse
wordy:long-winded
lagging:covering
revivification:reappearance
cordless:freestyle
intimates:associates
redeem:rescue
pandemonium:racket
disgustedly:distastefully
gymnastic:lithe
wail:screech
adulation:hero worship
restfulness:peacefulness
reflection:contemplation
dues:duty
elimination:removal
high:summit
Pacific:untroubled
show:program
predictability:banality
uplift:encourage
RIP:break
branch:department
attest:confirm
form:usage
debate:discuss
bylaw:regulation
Villa:cabin
enviously:spitefully
browbeaten:exploited
enticement:bribe
divide:share out
indifferent:mediocre
mesmerizing:gripping
dying:on its last legs
adulterate:taint
steppingstone:way in
panorama:landscape
officer:official
moralizing:upright
unwanted:not needed
brand:kind
carefully:deftly
harmonious:well-balanced
excessive:disproportionate
suspenseful:exciting
reply:answer
armor:body armor
reconnaissance:survey
harangue:scolding
spreading:dispersal
overcrowded:jammed
violinist:fiddler
dividing:isolating
grieving:anguished
tenuously:distantly
hardly:by a hair's breadth
avowal:statement
legalization:confirmation
wailing:in tears
tweak:pinch
disappeared:vanished
irreconcilable:conflicting
branch:divide
shoplift:burgle
foster:care for
unappealing:disagreeable
impatiently:edgily
promulgation:spread
dawdle:plod
accomplishment:deed
humanely:humanitarianly
earmark:save
here:at this juncture
endorsed:authorized
terrorizing:frightening
hindrance:interruption
swindler:con artist
waive:put aside
fix:fraud
suntanned:tan
discolor:bleach
gracious:affable
tenancy:rental
catch:fall victim to
formulate:invent
toadstool:yeast
heterodoxy:profanation
ordered:planned
misappropriate:steal
elegiac:lamenting
scorch:sear
ironically:dryly
populous:packed
return:homecoming
yearning:longing
depravity:vice
spread:swell
commend:entrust
cockamamie:silly
impetus:drive
discriminatory:prejudiced
levelheadedness:sagacity
apologist:protector
recognized:important
downhearted:disappointed
Munch:eat
unknown:unspecified
agonizingly:heartbreakingly
scissors:hedge clippers
luminous:incandescent
physique:figure
foible:shortcoming
essentially:for all intents and purposes
privation:misery
fox:hoodwink
limited:partial
person:character
introspective:meditative
parkway:limited-access highway
shores:seaboard
somewhere:wherever
condition:prerequisite
casement:transom
timbre:tone
kosher:genuine
luckless:jinxed
hide:keep back
ring:peal
browbeat:dragoon
cleared:unfurnished
culture:discrimination
unashamedly:defiantly
blunt:dampen
deviating:contrary
rotational:turning
Rod:stick
drink:taste
workout:exercises
forgiveness:mercy
peevish:bad-tempered
glob:bead
other:supplementary
devotion:consecration
getup:clothes
difficult:unmanageable
canvass:electioneer
occupy:divert
robe:negligee
swindling:deceitful
shampoo:launder
pesky:annoying
perfectionism:care
teeter:lurch
swipe:lash out at
poisonous:wicked
meditatively:pensively
Set:conventional
air:announce
demure:retiring
reconciliation:ceasefire
timeworn:clich?d
seemly:right
calculation:sum
camaraderie:companionship
abstaining:nonparticipation
act:piece of legislation
connote:indicate
ingeniously:cunningly
launder:wash
toadstool:mushroom
chairperson:leader
earnest:deep
dosage:quantity
flounce:storm
joyful:pleased
ball:globe
indulgence:extravagance
absconding:abandonment
casement:windowpane
Establishment:company
elements:basics
steadfastly:consistently
concurring:compatible
understand:grasp
apropos:regarding
diligent:hard-working
right:acceptable
blunder:stumble
unforgettably:remarkably
reject:deny
high:extreme
catapult:propel
demoralization:discouragement
choke:fill
gratis:free of charge
accomplishments:activities
hint:warning
wrestler:pugilist
massiveness:bulkiness
curb:restrain
threateningly:portentously
region:section
bloated:overfed
gantry:support
Mass:load
prove:attest
separately:one by one
encroach:invade
inaudible:indistinct
epicure:connoisseur
mistily:unclearly
pioneering:original
filth:dirt
fanaticism:zeal
unfavorable:harsh
inauguration:initiation ceremony
exception:exemption
development:enlargement
backlash:reaction
sensationalist:shocking
suppose:imagine
glib:smooth
usher:escort
complainant:accuser
pleasantries:good-natured remarks
character's:typescript
feud:bad blood
batty:eccentric
circumstance:accident
celebrations:merriment
Sharp:accusatory
beleaguered:struggling
lifeless:comatose
affray:scuffle
Green:countrified
thanks:thankfulness
chip:morsel
cosmopolitan:sophisticated
clandestine:underground
close:shut
nearby:in the neighborhood
cosmological:astrophysical
seminal:influential
exhilarate:elate
Orient:get used to
swarm:pack
lifelike:faithful
coinage:denomination
selected:special
pickle:store
lead:conduct
bodily:in person
mode:sort
factor:cause
catchy:captivating
distribute:disseminate
crackpot:not thought out
charge:dash
scandalously:outrageously
squat:pudgy
House:farmhouse
holdout:continue
fitfully:erratically
dreamy:faraway
irreverent:impudent
despicable:appalling
plane:jet
shoplifting:raid
hoot:yell
accept:recognize
regeneration:renewal
susceptibility:responsiveness
rareness:exceptionality
badmouthing:unkind remarks
skewed:slanted
audaciously:daringly
bane:bother
indulgence:treat
letter's:script
destiny:luck
plethora:excess
sadism:carnage
scholarship:learning
lash:blow
shirking:avoidance
spar:pole
assassinate:kill in cold blood
disbelieve:question
nod:concur
importunate:harassing
befriend:take care of
quaking:trembling
doubt's:fears
sinfully:immorally
up:optimistic
igloo:mansion
deification:praise
titter:giggle
tell:report
weave:compose
protester:marcher
Ravel:unwind
apparently:actually
indulgently:benevolently
harry:harass
turnaround:spin
close:shut up shop
tamper:corrupt
republic:state
home:to your place
proviso's:provisions
discreet:tactful
windfall:boon
anonymous:nameless
attractiveness:pull
world:globe
knock:blow
denunciation:reproof
mantle:cloak
scoured:lined
amassing:accrual
indenture:agreement
subdue:control
improperly:unacceptably
list:roll
fib:misrepresent
bank:lean
womanhood:adult years
utilitarian:no-frills
convert:convince
transference:transmission
apparel:clothes
mushroom:spread out
dilettante:dabbler
trajectory:flight
middle:internal
grimace:scowl
rasp:scratch
appetite:craving
moneymaking:gainful
notes:comments
discord:dissension
Craft:create
roasting:frying
mindbogglingly:hugely
start:shock
entrance:engross
debauched:decadent
entourage:associates
embarrass:mortify
spring:bound
pack:day-sack
capsize:upset
canon:tenet
recount:verify
disorganized:unsystematic
sullenness:petulance
turbulent:quarrelsome
priggish:starchy
fair:impartial
operate:maneuver
directions:guidelines
float:promote
assumed:unspecified
fancy:visualize
flat:plane
attractive:lovely
grimness:repugnance
ultimate:worst
demonstration:protest
sandbank:ridge
danger:peril
deceitful:untrustworthy
placate:conciliate
imposingly:impressively
jibe:dig
respectably:acceptably
jewelry:earrings
where:wherever
unification:alliance
figure:illustration
Strong:dazzling
audaciously:impudently
assume:take on
promptness:speed
flannel:flatter
Lie:rest
pivot:axis
vibrantly:brilliantly
wrongdoer:outlaw
cultivating:enlightening
debase:humble
both:together
corroboration:justification
heavenly:divine
predictor:forward planner
coerce:bully
grieve:be unhappy
contribution:involvement
attention:awareness
valiant:fearless
peel:skin
behead:execute
chaos:anarchy
recording:tape
Sharp:on the dot
shabbiness:nastiness
mediocre:commonplace
life:years
retainer:payment
make:meet
agonizing:worrying
flounder:struggle
acclaim:commendation
wherewithal:ability
powerful:vigorous
whimsy:vision
grouchy:testy
lucidly:coherently
arrears:amount overdue
charge:trust
escape:drip
call:christen
country:land
upfront:outspoken
rethink:juggle around with
throttle:choke
improperly:shadily
talkative:conversational
demurely:priggishly
enslavement:craving
retraction:withdrawal
part:function
deliver:cede
majestic:grandiose
disordered:topsy-turvy
mortify:put down
irremediable:irrevocable
dregs:lees
hives:irritation
angrily:irately
row:controversy
affirmation:assertion
defamation:insult
elaborateness:ostentation
myriad:load
separatism:self-rule
Independence:liberty
conclusion:assumption
mouthful:chew
defense:security
flaky:crumbling
profusion:excess
uncontaminated:uncorrupted
indisputably:unquestionably
demand:plead
radio:telephone system
shrill:piercing
prickle:bristle
wink:glint
we'll:perfectly
succinctly:tersely
merciful:kind
circumnavigate:fly around
admonish:chide
humbleness:shyness
tenderfoot:neophyte
gratify:please
undeservedly:unjustifiably
savvy:sense
uncluttered:neat
company:crowd
dispensable:not needed
scale:balance
hew:shape
moistness:wetness
obesity:stoutness
dreamland:illusion
amble:saunter
great:grand
tarnished:discolored
impeach:accuse
negligee:housecoat
division:classification
Sharp:severe
prepared:primed
naively:ingenuously
perky:sprightly
horse's:sheep
unlawfully:criminally
leash:bridle
strength:potency
smidgen:dash
repentance:atonement
understate:play down
betrayer:deserter
scalding:hot
bridle:become indignant
dilapidated:falling down
caustic:acerbic
mind:awareness
loudmouthed:noisy
blue:cerulean
pennon:standard
ply:supply
cyclical:recurring
unskillful:untalented
formidable:tough
eyeball:have a good look at
incredulity:amazement
scram:bolt
militant:radical
loathing:aversion
lead:go in front
shackle:constrain
unprofitable:losing
unoriginal:plagiarized
impose:require
waver:falter
complainant:petitioner
thug:brute
link:bond
sit:take a seat
inscrutable:hard to make out
flue:chimney
mores:traditions
wanting:not good enough
pundit:authority
shabbily:dingily
Strong:strapping
wife:consort
stateliness:grandeur
uppermost:chief
odious:horrible
aristocrat's:landed gentry
superseding:prevailing
outlet:vent
addressee:receiver
ill:hard
fill:imbue
anybody:a person
obsequious:sycophantic
crash:pack up
enervated:limp
period:epoch
reverend:parson
kindhearted:kindly
join:meet
bottom:underneath
lucid:sound
perky:spry
disincentive:deterrent
differ:be at variance
impetuosity:recklessness
Pace:speed
breach:estrangement
buckled:bowed
fiesta:gala
rationalize:lessen
governess:schoolteacher
carve:inscribe
balm:comfort
uniform:homogeneous
gross:sickening
necklace:band
denial:disclaimer
file:walk in single file
pointless:useless
unbind:free
assume:fake
holler:scream
Bright:clever
understand:see
serrated:saw-toothed
gooey:sticky
dillydallying:vacillation
daunting:discouraging
aside:departure
rule:govern
installment:payment
utility:helpfulness
bore:weary
rightfulness:lawfulness
flourish:grand gesture
sitting:meeting
chronic:unremitting
siesta:forty winks
order's:instructions
unapproachable:unfriendly
substitute:stand-in
sprawling:extensive
Snake:wind
charmingly:attractively
tooth:incisor
Flora:flowers
budget:funds
superlative:incomparable
outperform:do better than
shrill:trill
turning:spinning
involve:get somebody involved
perfume:cologne
excuse:make allowances for
Sandy:grimy
citation:extract
Rob:cheat
Peg:attach
collectively:communally
Job:piece of work
junkyard:compost
condescend:talk down to
give:offer
powerful:strong
biologically:organically
fibber:liar
denial:turning down
act:put on an act
disparage:criticize
ironically:as luck would have it
snowballing:increasing
tired:exhausted
customer:consumer
break:chance
impecuniousness:destitution
blowup:pump up
bad:unmanageable
quench:satisfy
As:for instance
strike:crash into
defile:gorge
quickness:pace
dogfight:conflict
mime:parody
database:catalog
rewarding:pleasing
become:turn into
exasperate:infuriate
reasonableness:equanimity
jalopy:wreck
disrespectfully:insolently
Charity:offerings
neglectful:forgetful
exaggeration:overstatement
skirmish:come to blows
needlepoint:sewing
crumpled:rutted
contribution:payment
action:charge
streak:stain
brunch:banquet
shriveled:desiccated
poor:pitiable
addiction:compulsion
cheesy:tacky
asylum:protection
unperturbed:at ease
dignified:distinguished
profane:wicked
college:seminary
cabin:log cabin
coldness:indifference
doubt:qualm
pandemic:epidemic
bode:augur
negation:refusal
out:not worth it
softly:gently
wonderful:fantastic
terribly:inordinately
tearful:upset
indecent:indelicate
Dale:vale
wedge:pack
run:be in charge
freelance:temporary
obstinate:inflexible
review:examination
bestial:cruel
notional:theoretical
huskily:hoarsely
despotism:authoritarianism
stream:run
damaging:destructive
fattening:stuffing
Cancer:malignant cells
playfulness:bounciness
author:cause
hoops:studs
firestorm:conflagration
perpendicular:upright
standoffish:superior
causeway:walkway
explicit:unequivocal
graduate:accommodate
down:feathers
meter:gauge
asinine:unintelligent
chuckle:chortle
set:put
downfall:fall
gastronomic:cooking
milestone:achievement
she'll:shoot at
rather:more accurately
coldly:unsympathetically
home:residence
resurgence:resurrection
pulsation:rhythm
humanitarian:kind
ecclesiastical:religious
hear:gather
antic's:activities
helper:aid
disc:album
repellent:vile
blowup:explode
interrelated:unified
attach:append
diligent:industrious
tart:bitter
bald:hairless
skim:soar
claw:scratch
angrily:furiously
poor:meager
sketchy:vague
stampede:rush
cagey:guarded
meekness:mildness
clamor:shouting
unguarded:rash
maddened:angered
swab:clean
passably:acceptably
dropout:give up
name:title
distinct:divergent
beaked:hooked
care:fear
satchel:shoulder bag
unreservedly:enthusiastically
hair:mustache
calmed:pleased
austerely:sparsely
gamely:eagerly
fix:resolution
coverlet:bedspread
impression:effect
conceded:accepted
preposterously:unbelievably
stay:deferment
conformity:conventionality
crotchety:bad-tempered
picket:post
capsule:container
trick:mislead
scathingly:cynically
shard's:debris
inexorable:unalterable
Wake:stir
chronic:unending
Bill:document
sadness:sorrow
runaway:absentee
Pat:thump
guidebook:handbook
ease:work
yesterday:former times
childless:sterile
stud's:jewelry
churchyard:resting place
extenuating:justifying
Cross:fractious
bar:fasten
articulate:speak about
liberalize:relax
feature's:skin
on:without a break
flattening:destruction
convention:resolution
aver:affirm
habitual:regular
dockyard:port
earthy:raunchy
mournfully:sadly
consecrate:bless
dead:exhausted
primly:meticulously
microbe:germ
mistaken:incorrect
vaporous:dim
scintillating:dazzling
Rich:cloying
asceticism:simplicity
miscalculate:overestimate
Curt:brusque
amorously:fondly
depravity:degeneracy
dipper:spoon
thwart:ruin
automatic:repeated
approximating:in the vein of
waltz:salsa
slab:lump
worth:value
pamper:coddle
prohibitive:exorbitant
windswept:bleak
discern:perceive
etching:design
wrench:tug
collectivist:Leninist
claptrap:nonsense
transfigure:update
hall:passage
voice:tone
bearing:manner
expense:price
weave:pile
achievable:viable
builder:draftswoman
hint:trace
impolitic:inappropriate
stuff:kit
disillusion:let down
data:information
dinghy:ship
gallivant:wander
hallow:sanctify
retrospective:display
daze:state of confusion
stipulation:clause
elate:lift
gregariously:sociably
buzz:drone
irrelevant:beside the point
fret:fuss
goblin:gnome
children:kids
apply:rub on
occur:happen
tie:attach
apparition:ghost
gofer:runner
earrings:hoops
keyboard:the ivories
protrude:obtrude
excuse:bear with
frizzy:tightly curled
unhinge:send somebody over the edge
share:communicate
stink:whiff
holdup:prop
prudish:starchy
convention:law
Sweet:agreeable
mouth:backtalk
cohere:go together
reprocess:reclaim
wittily:humorously
wrench:jerk
hurdle:obstacle
cronies:allies
fallout:outcome
fetid:decaying
distend:swell
sharp:tangy
sublime:uplifting
but:except
grumbler:complainer
snuff:massacre
Singer:songster
real:really
colorful:lively
cheapen:demean
pen:enclosure
articulateness:expressiveness
fall:trip over
aim:strive for
chiefly:above all
vim:vim and vigor
ax:discharge
insensible:numb
Root:go through
acceptable:tolerable
content's:stuffing
portly:corpulent
demonstrator:protester
spotlight:attention
correct:tweak
slanderous:argot
predestination:destiny
raider:thief
cockpit:boxing ring
high:sky-scraping
offstage:in secret
execute:implement
take:choose
pressure:weight
right:perfectly
snippet's:scraps
lukewarm:subdued
restitution:recompense
avert:prevent
namely:i.e.
betting:laying a bet
purse:prize
undisclosed:secret
fortunately:opportunely
numerous:various
flabbergasted:stunned
asleep:dead to the world
transcribe:set down
turnout:turn off
chorale:chorus
squelch:put the lid on
jetty:landing stage
highness:quality of sound
particularly:principally
command:domination
version:account
broken:ruined
uttermost:farthest
tingle:itch
AWOL:running away
fowl:rooster
close:rigorous
letup:break
meekness:timidity
egalitarian:free
unwarranted:needless
fundamental:elementary
decipherable:readable
bedspread:quilt
arrange:plan
Wall:enclose
inconsiderately:insensitively
buzzing:vibrant
warning:cautionary
disbelieve:mistrust
traipse:ramble
impound:lock away
apology:confession
tendency:current
abomination:revulsion
absence:dearth
roil:stir up
ape:copy
tinker:play
flu:influenza
roomy:voluminous
antipathy:hostility
Beach:coast
Patty:pasty
flabby:sagging
spectacle's:goggles
open:gaping
menace:terrorize
fate:chance
stone's:gravel
subtitle:title
wrong:wicked
moment:flash
wakeful:insomniac
device's:strategy
support:scaffold
burrow:warren
mound:embankment
quadrangle:rectangle
risk:attempt
absolutely:utterly
lividly:angrily
mean:want
laze:bask
attentive:alert
unsigned:mysterious
nauseating:repellent
accuracy:truthfulness
funny:hilarious
nihilist:revolutionary
enclosure:inclusion
justly:with good reason
flattering:sycophantic
constancy:steadfastness
loaded:overloaded
invitation:provocation
illicitly:criminally
attempt:effort
rambling:trailing
nature:life
randomness:arbitrariness
offload:pass on
sleazy:seedy
distribution:division
forebears:descent
whirl:commotion
untapped:untouched
gravitate:move
prevent:check
gallery:colonnade
foil:thwart
parcel:piece
signal:imply
jealously:carefully
constricted:thin
file:heading
agriculture:farming
stable:enduring
pendant:suspended
venturesome:perilous
timbre:quality
ripen:become fully grown
Rusty:tarnished
ancestry:stock
right:proper
forbearance:moderation
glove's:ornament
big:vast
label:mark
unconvincingly:implausibly
shape:sculpt
assortment:hodgepodge
worthwhile:sensible
antecedent:precursor
ogle:look at
improbability:impossibility
godlike:transcendent
prescience:prudence
charitably:graciously
tenderness:warmth
payer:person paying
job:profession
administrate:manage
aerodynamic:smooth
rise:come out
mass:size
pungency:bitterness
indecision:wavering
tart:tartlet
dowse:immerse
impetus:movement
stand:stop
miscalculate:get it wrong
growing:on the increase
Bunker:foxhole
nonfiction:true-life
abomination:disgrace
comment:commentary
hoot:honk
blare:ring out
dissident:nonconformist
prowler:stalker
paddle:row
unknowable:beyond understanding
browbeat:push
numbing:freezing
performance:deed
tint:streak
plunge:stab
space:freedom
Hall:passage
unlawful:unauthorized
exchange:chat
uncharitable:heartless
waltz:jazz
embellishment:embossing
diseased:ill
recover:salvage
persecution:harassment
fastening:strap
remorseless:ruthless
rotund:plump
burr:inflection
really:if truth be told
Sharp:strong
corny:unoriginal
ineffectiveness:futility
fairly:equitably
nudity:bareness
esteemed:valued
effective:in force
Rather:to be more precise
laden:overloaded
swashbuckling:blustering
degree:measure
fruitless:unrewarding
wilt:flag
merrymaking:hilarity
verdant:grassy
proliferate:flourish
direct:manage
bile:ire
helpfully:favorably
meditatively:thoughtfully
insufficiently:not sufficiently
impudence:rudeness
verge:threshold
job:post
indoctrination:programming
droplet:globule
remove:disconnect
stickup:assault
peddle:get rid of
chaos:pandemonium
wanted:hunted
maddened:incensed
falsified:anecdotal
scary:creepy
deplorable:appalling
timbered:wooded
demoralize:discourage
interest's:good
requisition:take over
thickset:bulky
cell:cabal
definition:explanation
practicality:sensibleness
scrabble:scrape
distastefully:wincingly
document:deed
plow:put into
bluff:con
estrange:distance
shrink:disappear
realize:fulfill
informant:sneak
figurines:breakables
dampen:dampen down
pernicious:malicious
Be:be there
distill:refine
fountainhead:source
interval:distance
improper:irregular
misunderstanding:argument
powerless:helpless
delicacy:deftness
gradually:little by little
edit:manage
bleakness:drabness
swat:bash
bastion:citadel
remuneration:compensation
edginess:nervousness
disapprovingly:critically
disk:floppy disk
suffocate:asphyxiate
oversight:management
tavern:saloon
girder:lintel
holdup:support
plateau:flat terrain
neutrality:objectivity
lofty:haughty
unembarrassed:forthright
suavely:stylishly
tell:make itself felt
totter:teeter
rector:parson
stoutness:heaviness
surreal:fantastic
immaturity:infantile behavior
recluse:loner
fallout:come to blows
ambition:dream
step:movement
succinct:laconic
unsnarl:detangle
stockiness:burliness
blubber:bawl
satiate:quench
disperse:diffuse
chide:harass
insensitively:thoughtlessly
bedlam:uproar
critical:unsympathetic
ignition:detonation
fantasize:let your imagination run riot
doorstep:front door
firmness:control
SOP:pacifier
modulate:change
pushy:aggressive
negation:exclusion
overcooked:scalded
ready:set
purposefully:with resolve
fraught:burdened
astoundingly:superbly
canton:political unit
carefully:meticulously
renounce:relinquish
leave:leave behind
stadium:arena
elevated:lofty
sly:devious
dinner:feast
unremarkable:unexceptional
Jean's:wash pants
Sweet:attractive
aggravation:annoyance
bug:virus
cogently:sensibly
neurotic:fixated
thorny:tricky
quickly:promptly
prevarication:fiddling
unconsciously:mechanically
desolation:anguish
benefit's:payback
dominion:province
cyclone:whirlwind
afire:passionate
loft:attic
brickbat:missile
limestone:mineral
funnel:direct
decisive:certain
surmise:assumption
lose:get away from
flop:fall down
exercise:keep fit
euphoric:exhilarated
shoplift:rob
rider:stipulation
country:kingdom
Establishment:founding
impregnate:imbue
inner:private
forevermore:for all time
however:conversely
clever:wily
incisively:perspicaciously
incline:slant
harbor:marina
queasy:ill
revue:floor show
encumbrance:hindrance
gradually:regularly
cheering:consoling
canvas's:poll
warmth:hospitality
icy:frosty
vacillation:irresolution
mugging:bag-snatch
systematize:classify
screech:squeal
sweetheart:love
accomplice:partner in crime
descent:succession
docks:dock
postponement:adjournment
waylay:ambush
manage:control
rundown:enumeration
decapitate:execute
hooey:hogwash
beastly:horrid
mooch:roam
Cotton:line
humiliating:shameful
best:top
lamb:pork
pacesetter:modernizer
screenwriter:writer
dispassionate:objective
ably:without difficulty
staining:stain
unbroken:complete
decentralize:distribute
hell:misery
furtively:secretively
renounce:forsake
relish:delight in
bail:financial guarantee
cleansing:purification
frothy:lighthearted
inexpert:unskilled
uninspiring:not stimulating
russet:tan
required:essential
seller:merchant
operating:in service
valiant:noble
disconcert:displease
high:astronomical
disgruntle:dissatisfy
redesign:revamp
gushing:talkative
humorously:hilariously
sandals:flip-flops
differ:be different
raw:perishing
Key:key in
letters:calligraphy
cascade:pour
frosty:aloof
potential:the makings
crashing:loud
Gamble:risk
normal:customary
sharp:acid
defeatism:resignation
immobile:at a halt
trimmings:embellishments
occupied:conquered
desecrate:outrage
licensed:certified
incorrigibly:irredeemably
succeed:make it
fry:deep-fry
roughly:sharply
doubting:distrustful
restraint:self-possession
unit:detachment
interminable:endless
fresh:new
realizable:attainable
mobilization:recruitment
canceled:given up for lost
horses:sheep
join:fix
valise:grip
Gray:aged
patch:insignia
handspring:somersault
olden:bygone
past:earlier period
foyer:reception area
flag:ensign
insignificantly:irrelevantly
chancy:uncertain
woeful:mournful
tediousness:tiresomeness
neighborhood:region
Set:prepared
meaning:gist
inapt:irrelevant
news:news summary
duel:battle
embellishment:decoration
freshness:juiciness
valuable:important
chuckle:giggle
galvanize:electrify
attack:criticize
measurably:obviously
foster:promote
scramble:stampede
indescribably:extremely
fraction:part
enchantment:attraction
expansive:spacious
heyday:peak of your success
faithfully:closely
encourage:egg on
hoot:tootle
later:soon
demobilize:release from military service
saturated:drenched
blundering:careless
mast:flagstaff
statue:model
kinfolk:people
mirth:laughter
rivet:fastener
door:flap
benefit:promote
flattering:satisfying
dosage:dose
austerity:somberness
unreachable:inaccessible
bully:frighten
certain:particular
untiringly:with determination
refurbishment:renovation
Flowers:flora
truthfulness:honesty
luminous:glowing
recover:recoup
straight:erect
defenses:coldness
lower:inferior
screening:selection
athlete:team member
spanning:on both sides of
grown:developed
resound:ring
slipperiness:indirectness
pull:pluck out
newfangled:innovative
visceral:primeval
toadstool:mildew
key:important
associated:linked
prognosis:scenario
filtrate:deposit
appellation:designation
lawsuit:claim
seizure:arrest
incurably:fatally
audition:test
potentate:sovereign
sturdiness:strength
script:lettering
partake:involve yourself in
superior:bigger
mistily:hazily
wickedly:cruelly
atrociously:appallingly
evocation:hint
abstruseness:profundity
insincerity:disingenuousness
Huff:panting
plummet:plunge
flaming:passionate
corrupting:humiliating
impel:urge
extempore:off the cuff
tweet:peep
say:right to be heard
foliage:plant life
strewn:spotted
binding:necessary
unsettled:changeable
insentient:down for the count
worsening:deterioration
assent:agree
unwritten:spoken
afflict:badly affect
outspokenness:openness
unpolluted:sterilized
delve:scratch
question:reservation
outdistance:overtake
loose:assorted
analgesic:painkiller
robotic:preset
transact:carry out
whack:wallop
grandness:dignity
distill:glean
debase:corrupt
nonbreakable:armored
grimly:dismally
crookedly:indirectly
unquestioningly:without demur
prejudicial:hurtful
sovereigns:monarchs
hit:knock
trunk's:costume
mountaintop:pike
elfin:fragile
porcelain:pottery
Good:excellent
rest:respite
respects:good wishes
light:happy
extravagance:over-spending
convert:transfer
conquering:victorious
wasted:tired out
overt:evident
worsen:aggravate
streamers:streamer
histrionic:exaggerated
inexperience:na?vet?
beefy:brawny
tranquilly:coolly
home:residential home
joy:joyfulness
reminiscence's:memories
sightseeing:visiting the attractions
everyone:all
impossible:unattainable
dexterously:skillfully
artificial:synthetic
qualm's:misgivings
attest:demonstrate
arbitrariness:randomness
directory:listing
foregoing:earlier
count:view
stimulant:hair of the dog
slog:labor
Lord:lady
notch:gash
worshipful:reverent
jingoist:compatriot
organization:orderliness
funny:humorous
summarily:right away
enfeeble:weaken
Stern:demanding
hammering:hiding
buying:selling
clamor:noise
Midway:middle
awesome:grand
expression:articulation
hostelry:drinking hole
parsimonious:penny-pinching
demonstrate:put something through its paces
programmed:involuntary
laboriously:painstakingly
telltales:snitch
last:most recent
cutting:spiteful
disconsolately:sadly
parishioner's:worshippers
henceforward:after this
soft:limp
inferior:low-grade
cuff:smack
juicer:lemon squeezer
sterilize:spay
chance:probability
acquire:get your hands on
airy:light
lighthearted:jocular
kindliness:kindheartedness
clutches:control
bureau:department
waterfront:harbor
authenticity:faithfulness
philanthropic:benevolent
critical:judgmental
earnest:deep
screech:shriek
minute:infinitesimal
overused:worn-out
headlong:without consideration
success:sensation
intangible:ethereal
touchy:awkward
delectable:attractive
bathtub:tub
take:pilfer
bulge:knob
untruth:fib
revealing:informative
compellingly:effectively
intone:drone
surmise:theory
punctual:in good time
terrific:extreme
bed:floor
filtrate:rest
sally:rally
contemptuously:scornfully
relent:cave in
reunite:bring back together
immaculateness:faultlessness
revival:recovery
Wash:have a wash
trunk:crate
choreography:step design
bristle:prickle
pleasant:affable
mockingly:sardonically
troublemaker:menace
enter:key
jangle:jingle
denial:rejection
prickling:tickle
harrying:discrimination
merriment:happiness
pottery:ceramic objects
author:origin
haunted:obsessed
ground:deck
compartmentalize:catalog
idea:goal
blinkered:rigid
perfidious:untrue
precipitously:steeply
bite:piquancy
deft:precise
incongruous:strange
posit:imagine
entrance:entry
unnecessary:gratuitous
leader's:selected
dogfight:encounter
sparring:hurly-burly
regurgitate:restate
patrons:trade
ameliorate:restructure
reconciliation:understanding
lee's:deposit
whet:rouse
bland:weak
strange:unknown
putrefied:decomposed
revive:recover
almanac:directory
conciliatory:assuaging
score:get
percolator:coffee maker
note:mention
managerial:supervisory
deterioration:descent
division:department
sensations:ambiance
percolate:infiltrate
renowned:recognized
embrace:comprise
sizzle:sputter
chi:life-force
potential:impending
poach:thieve
groove:chill out
guide:escort
Ward:dependent
imprint:appearance
soulful:poignant
incriminate:implicate
unintentional:unpremeditated
doubtful:uncertain
chronically:constantly
impersonation:imitation
bewilder:nonplus
laughingly:lightheartedly
glitter:glisten
token:slip
canvasser:pollster
acceptable:enjoyable
precursor:foundation
chug:gulp
slow:reduce speed
unless:save
convoluted:complicated
rejuvenated:recharged
real:truthful
process:course of action
deflect:sidetrack
ready:organize
impertinence:impudence
visualization:revelation
toneless:dull
doggedness:tenacity
milestone:goal
gruffly:crustily
feast:eat
maturity:development
anchorage:marina
opposed:conflicting
Arctic:cold
competently:knowledgeably
splashed:speckled
munitions:military capability
convergence:junction
intensify:build up
bumbling:clumsy
business:trade
trademark:make
ludicrousness:irrationality
stifle:throttle
attract:pull towards you
joggle:jerk
consecrated:sanctified
charlatan:fraud
explication:clarification
approving:complimentary
age:become old
brainstorm:creative idea
exclusive:fashionable
demeanor:character
Pacific:conciliatory
howl:wail
resentment:bile
Rather:somewhat
febrile:red
closest:bordering
untruthful:misleading
Hood:covering
sparsely:meagerly
sizzling:boiling
palatable:acceptable
mercilessly:harshly
dark:brunette
capitulation:defeat
stoical:indifferent
fevered:hallucinating
invulnerable:unassailable
vitally:crucially
commencement:beginning
by:before
gross:awful
approachable:amicable
disparagement:ridicule
fret:hassle
contaminated:tainted
distance:reserve
disadvantageous:detrimental
finding:pronouncement
sweetened:syrupy
likeness:image
losing:trailing
delirium:frenzy
extensive:wide-ranging
drought:deficiency
wildness:violence
whitewashed:routed
pricey:dear
scrap:wisp
tearful:wailing
unearthing:finding
incinerate:burn
smooth:suave
impression:notion
implore:entreat
unoccupied:unfilled
aberrant:abnormal
impossibly:unbelievably
detonation:exploding
enthralling:fascinating
quiescence:calm
she'll:bombard
flippantly:jokily
revel:party
vulture:scavenger
mugger:attacker
rundown:record
pigtail:braid
prevailing:widespread
perfume:lace
pitiful:disgraceful
deprecation:denunciation
attractive:pleasing
vacillating:wavering
scathingly:irreverently
surprise:catch unawares
outcast:pariah
positive:definite
mosey:amble
owing:in arrears
downbeat:restrained
quiet:ease
pennon:bunting
ode:verse
precinct:estate
Short:tiny
contemplation:observation
relationship's:dealings
sharp:severe
efficacy:efficiency
sobriety:clear-headedness
phobic:fearful
sheepishly:awkwardly
Rocky:quaking
agreed:decided
snooze:doze
runny:liquid
divorce:separate
hurdle:snag
source:trace
restore:re-establish
post:station
dizzy:wobbly
community:cooperative spirit
dazzle:prevent from seeing
ancillary:secondary
asleep:numb
backup:support
transplant:move
repulsion:loathing
apoplectic:irate
demonstration:protest march
despot:dictator
bedecked:bejeweled
subservient:submissive
prime:train
fungus:toadstool
quote:costing
narrator:speaker
reticent:quiet
club:strike
tripping:nimble
anyway:anyhow
happen:come about
jingoism:patriotism
Lie:propaganda
unfavorably:with hostility
low:muted
sheeting:oilcloth
kindling:firewood
armada:fleet
reach:get in touch with
deceitfulness:untrustworthiness
up:hopeful
labored:heavy-handed
land:gain
deaden:soften
assiduous:nonstop
suspect:irregular
untapped:unexploited
faker:pretender
charmingly:enchantingly
wadding:filling
predictability:lack of variation
violet:light purple
grant:allow
position:stance
ridge:crease
bravery:valor
conjoin:adjoin
seniority:superiority
auto:vehicle
rays:emission
unfaithfully:falsely
block:stop
assure:pledge
spirit's:mood
gorilla:thug
unconvincingly:unpersuasively
spirituality:mysticism
impute:cite
raspy:rough
riddle:pepper
improve:perk up
mindbogglingly:amazingly
incoherently:disjointedly
loose:relaxed
leg:strut
epigrammatic:concise
lees:silt
burglary:robbery
recite:deliver
innocent:above suspicion
Cook:grill
swell:comber
opportunity:break
distrustful:nervous
obedience:conformity
twirl:pirouette
meeting:get-together
shattered:traumatized
unmannerly:ill-mannered
plays:show business
venturesome:dangerous
thrilling:breathtaking
idea:hint
chagrin:mortification
object:objective
vague:pensive
Polish:improve
debauchery:dishonesty
extravagant:overstated
sacrament:self-punishment
somersault:tumble
plastic:synthetic
side:trait
luxuriantly:luxuriously
disbelieve:distrust
trim:cut back
parquet:flooring
extra:add-on
detestable:despicable
inquiring:interested
ghoulish:deathly
form:come into being
unoriginal:commonplace
acquisitiveness:greed
establishment:concern
field:subject
reiteration:reverberation
advantaged:honored
structure:make up
bed:basis
vital:essential
chuckle:snigger
feud:hostility
gibber:jabber
consistent:coherent
bodyguard:minder
unaided:by yourself
visualize:dream of
repossess:recuperate
confidently:with poise
page:sheet
help:support
newsflash:bulletin
communication:interaction
biodegradable:environmental
angle:slope
August:impressive
difference:dissimilarity
rockiness:instability
ring:organization
pure:utter
howl:bawl
promise:indicate
raw:sore
prescient:clairvoyant
jowl:cheek
maladjusted:unstable
implicate:allude to
Joy:enjoyment
should:must
commencement:start
compulsorily:against your will
thug:hooligan
anxiously:earnestly
strenuous:active
say:shout
swish:whoosh
mall:shopping precinct
freedom:independence
gravel:exasperate
discordant:harsh
russet:brunette
lurch:rock
annul:terminate
commitment:faithfulness
literally:exactly
sometime:for a moment
chorister:chorale member
solace:relief
prevent:put a stop to
picky:selective
stooped:hunched
innumerable:immeasurable
delay:suspension
indecipherable:not legible
motherland:fatherland
likeness:rendering
gallantry:courage
Burr:intonation
plagiarize:steal
available:accessible
humanize:cultivate
pedantically:ploddingly
criticize:disparage
discolored:dirty
expostulate:object
shutout:lock out
aggregate:whole
understandingly:considerately
legality:legitimacy
butcher:make a mess of
rebel:fight back
fungus:yeast
expected:probable
sugared:sweetened
masquerading:concealed
writhe:wriggle
mixing:combination
fearful:horrendous
impatient:keen
divorce:annulment
manslaughter:slaying
gain:get
course:pour
suggestive:indicative
stodgy:stilted
Chuck:block
genus:genre
taunt:derision
appendage:tentacle
everybody:every person
pungency:spiciness
authoritarianism:dictatorship
salsa:rumba
souse:soak
canvass:poll
perpetuation:maintenance
promptly:on time
speedy:hurried
victuals:fodder
belligerent:loud-mouthed
phony:sham
relaxation:lessening
swell:enlarge
protuberance:knob
rarity:infrequency
plumpness:stoutness
alternative:unorthodox
Case:problem
Ken:awareness
impious:irreverent
good:clear
engineering:commerce
lottery:sweepstake
vex:put somebody's back up
bug:germ
hospital:rest home
additive:preservative
particularize:notify
jubilant:ecstatic
convincing:true to life
hive's:irritation
droopy:fatigued
cogitate:meditate
commission:charge
renown:repute
applaud:approve
sanctify:approve
PR:public relations
monetary:pecuniary
curious:bizarre
ratification:authorization
personalized:bespoke
chasm:gap
interest:concern
increase:foster
infatuated:smitten
scatterbrained:vague
desist:abstain from
unhurried:measured
smitten:infatuated
maleness:manliness
teem:be loaded
grunt:make a sound
uncertain:undecided
fearful:appalling
elected:voted
affiliate:link
allegory:metaphor
sternly:gravely
depth:deepness
slacker:idler
inflamed:angry
power:sway
howl:cry
little:miniature
services:military
substantiate:support
relentlessness:sternness
chirrup:chip
oppressively:harshly
misgivings:qualms
galvanize:spur
ancestry:pedigree
vociferously:volubly
quibbling:splitting hairs
slosh:splash
vivacity:exuberance
constricting:toning
drowsy:nodding
loose:loose-fitting
candidacy:entry
fusty:damp
hastening:quickening
uncluttered:orderly
lifelike:believable
false:forged
pertness:cheekiness
waning:fading
bad:ruinous
vivacity:cheerfulness
healthy:fit
answer:retort
lumber:plod
wrangling:power struggle
turnoff:put off
Bloom:discoloration
received:usual
blemish:ruin
heading:route
repel:revolt
sickly:suffocating
cherubic:divine
forlornly:unhappily
too:as well
rejoinder:retort
mismatch:variance
fathom:work out
call:cry out
associate:frequent
garments:outfits
joke:hoax
throatiness:harshness
insurmountable:undefeatable
filling:contents
like:be fond of
astronomical:lunar
maliciously:cruelly
muddy:grubby
shape:whittle
business:company
discomforting:upsetting
vow:declaration
unobtrusive:unassuming
brash:self-confident
record:top score
hurry:urgency
stupefy:bewilder
deteriorate:get worse
confound:annihilate
embodiment:picture
hemorrhage:outpouring
serve:provide
essential:critical
unacceptable:improper
brandish:flourish
safety:security
judiciousness:care
camouflage:disguise
laughably:ridiculously
recoil:retreat
gory:bloody
materially:considerably
breakable:fragile
description's:similes
usage:tradition
number:amount
will:long for
unison:agreement
stable:perpetual
expurgate:abridge
stormy:wild
pillage:embezzle
zany:screwy
dazzling:glittery
lowland:valley
malignant:evil
reawaken:revive
unharmed:in one piece
multiplicity:range
dent:indent
ascribed:qualified
journeying:adventure
ravine:abyss
spontaneity:impulsiveness
visionary:farsighted
cellphone:mobile phone
pull:remove
ferocious:cruel
decisively:determinedly
archenemy:challenger
do:make sure of
destroy:annihilate
insipid:colorless
redolent:scented
pictograph:symbol
pretense:make-believe
strong:dedicated
plastic:forced
gruffly:hoarsely
frontally:head-on
breather:rest
occupy:take up
patchy:unreliable
foolishness:idiocy
downturn:dip
shortage:scarcity
overlie:place on top
ache:sting
test:examine
mutinous:subversive
lawless:anarchistic
break:destroy
acuteness:extremity
irresistible:overpowering
bangle:wristlet
Hope:anticipation
blankly:uncomprehendingly
Creation:world
delimited:encircled
storehouse:lumber room
appreciate:recognize the value of
order:rank
unkind:wicked
fencing:grille
dry:rub down
pass:overstep
grueling:backbreaking
tiresomely:irritatingly
sullenness:glumness
neighborhood:immediate area
sullen:leaden
leaden:somber
unthinkable:improbable
redevelop:revitalize
delete:erase
lather:tizzy
dry:abstemious
interest:draw your attention
immorality:morality
transcend:rise above
letters:script
stanch:unbendable
aristocratic:snobbish
windy:blowy
exponent:model
just:solely
clandestinely:illicitly
windfall:hand-out
burgle:thieve
found:establish
abominate:hate
ugly:unpleasant
site:locate
affectation:quirk
boy:young man
caucus:convention
foretell:prognosticate
gleefully:joyfully
nature:personality
phone:telephone
fade:wither
lesser:slighter
secondhand:hand-me-down
binder:folder
crash:racket
shift:alter
petition:request
blundering:ham-fisted
synthetic:phony
flowery:elaborate
Green:lush
improvisation:invention
defrost:thaw
demo:demonstration
contagion:infectivity
nativity:delivery
holdup:delay
small:minute
shield:protection
indifferently:uncaringly
preeminent:most excellent
backdrop:milieu
saucer:plate
HI:so long
miserly:mingy
mountaineering:hiking
misuse:abuse
jobless:unemployed
incorporation:amalgamation
strangle:asphyxiate
unnoticeable:barely discernible
Cross:bad-tempered
insert:place in
devout:sincere
valiant:bold
passageway:duct
wholesaler:trader
extravaganza:show
indulgent:kind
impiety:irreverence
say:around
V:vs.
fan:admirer
hedge:enclose
directly:immediately
flammable:combustible
greater:better
frenzied:hyperactive
introduce:familiarize
denigration:unfair criticism
exude:show
businesslike:methodical
attack:harm
sodden:soaked
specter:presence
visibly:evidently
Arctic:icy
curt:brief
multitudinous:countless
token:empty
trip:falter
repel:sicken
illiberal:blinkered
deep:bottomless
laughably:ludicrously
corny:old
disconnectedly:disjointedly
frenetic:wild
knit:join
fidget:squirm
churlish:unfriendly
Darling:sweet
powdery:crumbly
stone:precious stone
die:pass away
despot:autocrat
mired:caught up
file:troop
revive:stimulate
killjoy:party pooper
numb:anesthetize
detail:feature
disconcert:offend
bumpy:uncomfortable
happen:go down
inaccurately:inexactly
prelude:overture
grow:develop
gross:overall
grounded:ashore
things:effects
wheel:helm
unprincipled:wrong
unprofessional:wrong
waywardly:errantly
run:cycle
etc:et cetera
plethora:surfeit
snub:insult
frequently:regularly
bayou:marsh
flatterer:creep
prophecy:foresight
roaring:prosperous
indisposition:complaint
humanely:gently
haunt:hang around in
blank:outright
touch:move
vitalizing:refreshing
image:reflection
consign:dispatch
work:effort
navigator:guide
centenary:anniversary
set:setting
commercial:business-related
stratagem:device
advertiser:promoter
imperiously:superiorly
wail:fuss
cosmetic's:lipstick
gibe:scorn
middle:central
putrid:rotting
lunge:dive
thrill:stimulate
demonstration:explanation
Key:type
tartness:acidity
consternation:worry
stock:horses
offshoot:derivative
fizzle:effervesce
plan:mean
disorganize:confuse
greeting:welcome
advanced:higher
recompense:pay
puffiness:enlargement
lowliness:meekness
directness:truthfulness
exponent:interpreter
command:demand
sprint:tear
mechanically:unconsciously
sop:offering
stink:whiff
intention:objective
keep:watch over
command:appreciation
rig:platform
cavity:opening
respectably:tastefully
aware:concerned
those:folks
denial:denunciation
ignore:pay no attention to
adorn:garnish
dregs:deposit
originality:inventiveness
have:come up with
excruciating:severe
Hood:cover
instruction's:commands
luminosity:glow
blight:afflict
mischievously:naughtily
fix:put right
signal:signify
we'll:spring up
level:parallel
category:grouping
compactly:closely
engineer:wangle
rancorously:vituperatively
viscous:gooey
squat:stocky
magnate:tycoon
continued:uninterrupted
accepting:accommodating
convenient:well-located
fresh:crisp
hit:destroy
speckle:disfigure
Craft:vehicle
dimness:gloominess
tiled:lined
know:be on familiar terms with
benevolently:compassionately
misinformation:party line
statement:declaration
indulgent:decadent
boaster:attention-seeker
finish:be over
tropical:steamy
rumba:bop
Yank:heave
redress:right
copy:facsimile
unsettled:variable
Polish:shine
ravening:voracious
angled:sloping
road:thoroughfare
indigent:penniless
magic:all-important
selfless:unselfish
coarsely:rudely
wryly:understatedly
asexual:androgynous
atoll:coral isle
flake:fleck
perversion:slanting
gratification:indulgence
scam:fiddle
add:intensify
tactile:physical
hold:embrace
repudiation:denial
frequent:repeated
ingest:drink
increased:bigger
chorale:choral group
disastrously:calamitously
lodgings:residence
stirrer:troublemaker
responsibility:accountability
scoured:craggy
unappreciated:trying
dazzle:daze
herculean:extraordinary
munificence:bounty
compost:dung
zealously:fanatically
head:have control over
supremacy:sovereignty
noontime:midday
litigious:debatable
gist:substance
nonsensical:senseless
hurrying:hastening
good:nice
compatible:harmonizing
scratch:abrasion
venomous:malevolent
debris:wreckage
first:elementary
equilateral:shape
pendant:pending
solicitude:anxiety
first:essential
opposite:contrary
maxim:adage
bait:entice
bumptious:overbearing
pillage:cargo
shawl:stole
reawakening:revival
guarantee:agreement
fire:sack
languish:pine away
vow:declare
vernacular:argot
balcony:veranda
joint:intersection
entrance:delight
neighborliness:cooperation
cork:stopper
device's:plans
have:enclose
grunge:grime
busy:diligent
lies:fabrication
brutish:wild
forbear:abstain
security:refuge
depot:bus station
inconspicuous:not immediately obvious
encouraging:cheering
right:entitlement
phony:fraud
strengthening:increase
trust:bank on
infest:crawl
bad:imperfect
fix:set-up
hoodwink:pull the wool over somebody's eyes
flaunting:grand
traitorous:double-crossing
insularity:small-mindedness
foreclose:shut out
clatter:clank
springy:yielding
misgiving's:suspicions
tepid:unenthusiastic
games:sports event
taboo:outlaw
help:service
plumb:investigate
mad:ludicrous
bit:crumb
humid:sticky
qualm:scruple
dry:dried up
able:skilled
individual:idiosyncratic
abundance:great quantity
plaza:court
skyjack:hijack
movements:arrangements
fittings:gear
thin:slender
languid:indolent
magnate:entrepreneur
equal:make equal
smeared:filthy
enticement:incentive
valuable:dear
Good:fine
stupendous:considerable
wholeness:fullness
rampart:battlement
citizen:inhabitant
cherished:loved
enumeration:details
ejected:turned out
playact:pretend
typeface:print
incommensurate:unequal
embryonic:budding
splendor:grandeur
acclaim:praise
region:locality
mockery:travesty
separate:pull out
amity:friendship
mistreat:rough up
incarnate:embodied
deified:sanctified
beastly:ghastly
flightiness:inconsistency
instructions:commands
dissent:dispute
rhetoric:words
clot:form clots
warmhearted:compassionate
known:recognized
finding:result
puddle:pond
hallway:antechamber
uptown:upscale
slur:slight
destroy:demolish
dramatics:histrionics
heater:warmer
reel:stumble
top:outdo
trot:brisk walk
mettle:vigor
lie:lounge
certified:proficient
confounded:baffled
dome:field
imagination:mind
stand:endure
munitions:weapons
clout:blow
testify:give evidence
connected:together
difficulty:effort
forthrightness:directness
malign:hurtful
rifle:ransack
fundamentally:necessarily
precocious:gifted
wangle:fix
sprawl:extend over
timbre:reverberation
coded:veiled
eroded:worn
peremptory:dogmatic
federation:amalgamation
dimly:mutedly
jibe:crack
plush:posh
screwy:strange
ado:ruckus
detain:delay
sediment:residue
mayhem:confusion
dyspepsia:heartburn
legerdemain:deftness
sightseeing:seeing the sights
baronial:grand
gap:opening
boycott:shun
lawsuit:proceedings
press:journalists
cover:comprise
continued:persistent
eccentricity:idiosyncrasy
understanding:accord
emotive:poignant
comedown:be handed down
know:tell
accretion:accumulation
retrospectively:looking back
advice:information
certainly:sure
call:baptize
reconsideration:reassessment
economizing:thrifty
swerve:change direction
lamentation:dirge
mixing:amalgamation
split:go
transitory:momentary
loathsomeness:terribleness
ceaseless:constant
banishment:exile
sadism:cruelty
airliner:aircraft
ticklish:thorny
backslide:relapse
planner:conniver
undivided:unbroken
intrigue:stratagem
buttery:calorific
bagginess:loose cut
taste:elegance
stanch:persevering
maxim:saying
Stone's:pebbles
campaigner:supporter
buff:beige
Lane:street
proforma:document
attack:bother
seedy:squalid
make:produce
pine:brood
unprepared:untrained
contribute:put in
shipment:batch
confuse:mix up
purchaser:consumer
brighten:brighten up
fantasize:imagine
unfailing:abiding
swampy:boggy
defilement:sullying
dankness:stuffiness
chill:dispirit
suppose:hypothesize
fix:settle
clearness:lack of confusion
botched:substandard
tartness:sharpness
voice:speech
tarnish:discolor
stalwart:daring
misapprehend:misread
restoration:reinstallation
state:municipal
sunbathe:lie in the sun
exclusive:elite
spaces:sitting room
idealism:optimism
guaranteed:cast iron
roar:howl
filled:packed
dissolute:debauched
assessor:judge's assistant
wounding:acerbic
boar:pig
visibly:apparently
wallop:punch
fluffiness:airiness
uncommonly:surprisingly
pamphlet:guide
sense:wisdom
diluted:weak
earthy:crude
fury:anger
appall:upset
benefit's:settlement
fortuitously:by chance
arrive:enter
sensitively:with sensitivity
spokeswoman:lecturer
angular:rangy
term:dub
widely:extensively
susceptibility:propensity
steamroll:even out
crumbly:brittle
materially:substantially
bad:penitent
onerous:burdensome
cockpit:fight arena
read:comprehend
benefit:profit
atrociously:awfully
negative:disapproving
breezy:lighthearted
untroubled:unworried
impotence:helplessness
push:get-up-and-go
dispense:bestow
pacesetter:leader
apply:request
disadvantageous:inconvenient
judiciously:with care
botch:foul up
fresh:creative
inequitable:unjust
overextend:exceed your limit
close:nearby
treat:talk about
misrepresentation:distortion
luridly:explicitly
adeptly:adroitly
bethought:be considered
rustic:country
unless:if
bustle:movement
napkin:scarf
vow:guarantee
type:kind
deafening:rowdy
deferred:late
feeling:belief
groove:rut
mystique:aura
sucker:sitting duck
quality:feature
uttermost:farthest away
guarantee:secure
fretfulness:concern
antecedent's:qualifications
perplexing:difficult
wish:desire
unwholesome:disagreeable
suspicion:disbelief
Tell:snitch
whip:beat
warlike:military
avidly:keenly
ring:resemblance
position:arrangement
husky:gruff
reluctant:unenthusiastic
familiarly:informally
eat:bother
colored:decorated
smite:slice
arrangements:measures
good:reliable
zilch:nothing
confer:discuss
eschew:steer clear of
conqueror:captor
bordered:encircled
stipulations:provisions
Canton:province
cloisters:walkway
collapse:pack up
superior:chief
apprehension:trepidation
cocky:overconfident
property:material goods
utility:service
outdoors:al fresco
hobgoblin:goblin
stage:do
useful:constructive
overseeing:control
uninhabited:empty
jiffy:instant
penalizing:disciplining
dissuade:persuade against
anesthetizing:freezing
interlink:interweave
caught:jammed
stymie:stump
teens:young adulthood
remuneration:reimbursement
frosty:cold-hearted
Epicurean:gastronome
parsimony:meanness
fatten:make substantial
whirling:rotary
nifty:clever
main:highest
janitor:gatekeeper
across:crossways
now:at this point
kiosk:booth
bug:hidden microphone
tied:coupled
serving:portion
expanding:growing
Rover:traveler
Brain's:intelligence
overturn:upset
treason:disloyalty
bellicose:quarrelsome
butt:ram
potentate:monarch
headwaiter:member of staff serving at table
hovel:shed
known:celebrated
proper:personal
wonder:marvel
independent:unconnected
undermine:demoralize
bound:required
Land:home
gild:cover with gold
disclaim:deny
fundamental:underlying
March:walk
virulent:bitter
unfavorably:harshly
say:about
unimaginable:unthinkable
intemperate:excessive
comment:observe
same:unchanged
fight:attack
inoffensively:blandly
bully:tough
exact:precise
cavil:niggle
magistrates:judges
exact:accurate
christening:launch
modulate:vary
mainly:for the most part
defense's:lines
adherent:aficionado
antecedents:past history
imprinted:stamped
bracing:revitalizing
discipline:order
familiar:recognizable
medication:tablets
seasick:unsettled
graphic:full
catnap:sleep
consequence:moment
push:impulsion
prank:hoax
lariat:lasso
trouble:bother
unsightliness:ugliness
arduous:strenuous
ensemble:all together
mechanism:apparatus
virtuously:righteously
inevitably:inexorably
squirt:fountain
abstention:refraining
sunless:cloudy
conjugal:married
roar:call
discern:distinguish
measure:assess
unwarranted:gratuitous
ineptness:lack of skill
biographer:writer
bullying:harrying
carp:nag
Crick:strain
tell:command
unfetter:free
stump:confound
infinite:large
meaningful:expressive
meaning:sense
imbibe:down
testing:tough
position:stand
gems:jewelry
settlement:neighborhood
undermined:diluted
Clay:earth
Cannon:gun
wonder:question
coordinator:arranger
mutation:alteration
cascade:drop
numbly:dully
file:parade
obviate:prevent
sullied:debased
excellence:brilliance
Almighty:loud
aplenty:in profusion
troupe:group
seek:request
unclear:imprecise
impossible:out of the question
ostentatiously:showily
nonjudgmental:liberal
molested:badly treated
smear:cover
secret:surreptitious
upturned:on its head
mouth:jaws
serendipity:luck
deficient:defective
conversant:aware
forge:hearth
deafening:boisterous
Stark:pure
bawdy:lewd
furthest:furthest away
fiscally:financially
gape:gawp
check:safety inspection
demand:ultimatum
Hamlet:settlement
keenness:dedication
fox:fool
obtain:gain
die:breathe your last
brackish:briny
light:fluffy
company:corporation
flawlessly:clearly
jumbled:messy
pleasantry:jesting
bloodstained:bloody
expensive:classy
kiosk:hut
stage:step
traveler:vacationer
constancy:endurance
line:silhouette
qualm's:suspicions
royally:imperially
varied:diverse
assurance:poise
Maoism:Marxism
dampen:dull
khakis:pants
stage:podium
mellow:calm down
modernism:advance
important:chief
heckler:critic
hew:carve
Dawn:start
truth:reality
bank:pool
society:civilization
deal:arrangement
confrontation:altercation
right:completely
coincidental:totally unplanned
Ch'in:jowl
dissect:slice up
Thespian:theatrical
serendipity:fortune
charmingly:alluringly
economic:monetary
gusto:delight
hemorrhage:drop
untested:new
grayish:soiled
temperature:warmth
recondite:hidden
fracture:crack
subsidy:financial assistance
Good:safe
demarcation:boundary
reveal:tell
scoop:dig
husband:wife
willfully:on purpose
multinational:global
treasury:reserves
sale:retailing
wallop:bang
rapid:fast
hefty:robust
scram:get away
offhandedly:brusquely
senseless:silly
sorrowing:distressed
angular:bony
slime:goo
dutifully:devotedly
brickbat:insult
processing:giving out
lavish:prolific
tabled:timetabled
cannily:cleverly
issue:rise
discomforted:gauche
throng:swarm
traipse:slog
foreword:preface
disentangle:unravel
ratify:confirm
henna:hair dye
acceptably:tolerably
stifling:boiling
germ:rudiment
untried:inexperienced
backup:endorsement
tenderly:gently
forefront:front position
piteously:wretchedly
solicitous:anxious
pilaster:pillar
distastefully:unattractively
predictive:analytical
ocher:orange
arguing:in opposition
muster:rally
dealing:production
fruitfully:successfully
we'd:get married
cloying:sickly sweet
fixing:putting in
precincts:area
shelf:sill
authority:expert
ribbons:ticker tape
dour:cheerless
mistrust:doubt
joviality:fun
clank:knock
consummate:supreme
rampart:fortification
shrilly:sharply
assembly:government
shaver:razor
detain:impede
unfetter:let loose
hound:hunt
valid:well-founded
stronghold:stranglehold
insincere:two-faced
hoarseness:gruffness
gag:choke
decoy:trap
puffing:gasping
taint:contaminate
misconception:misunderstanding
mealtime:dinnertime
forswear:renounce
squabbling:bickering
shape:structure
demon:fiend
knapsack:daypack
best:preeminent
attitude:viewpoint
observe:monitor
befuddle:puzzle
decorous:well-mannered
bewildered:befuddled
block:lump
name:designation
icily:coldly
recall:take out
springboard:spur
humiliated:shamed
gadget:implement
surreptitiously:slyly
unfitting:unacceptable
damaged:dented
fit:match
spirited:energetic
jot:bit
engorged:enlarged
statistics:information
blazing:scorching
nebulous:ill-defined
antagonize:provoke
ironical:weird
overuse:eat too much
reorder:regroup
repeat:go over
handcuff:secure
abettor:partner
angry:furious
gusto:passion
whitish:pale
passing:demise
sameness:similarity
emancipated:open
staggeringly:stupendously
watershed:turning point
share:cut
rehabilitate:regenerate
screen:examine
denouement:conclusion
ID:documents
amorphousness:bagginess
revolver:handgun
Sharp:prickly
finely:keenly
department:subdivision
soulful:emotional
inquiry:examination
graceless:bumbling
chiefly:principally
balustrade:railing
gruff:throaty
fastidious:particular
careful:thorough
venomous:cruel
deliver:relinquish
different:atypical
reschedule:postpone
aplomb:cool
Set:setting
go:travel
muster:gather together
skimpy:sparse
oversensitive:touchy
humor:comedy
smear:smudge
advice:instruction
basic:fundamental
chance's:likelihood
anesthetic:painkiller
nurturing:cultivation
guileful:crafty
pattern:plan
feedback:pointer
solemn:fervent
fertile:luxuriant
foggy:dim
leer:sneer
treat:pick up the tab
carpeting:mat
simply:modestly
electric:exciting
try:take a crack at
befriend:look after
pigheaded:adamant
stained:discolored
dispersal:dispersion
translation:rendition
undying:eternal
carryout:fulfil
decal:sign
class:session
cases:hand baggage
foray:sortie
cavernous:yawning
toughened:case-hardened
butcher:spoil
land:ground
thanks:merit
droll:amusing
haste:acceleration
clear:free
maltreated:molested
squalid:fetid
naive:inexperienced
skimping:thrifty
unequally:unjustly
crater:basin
error:slip-up
banter:repartee
proportioned:equal
modicum:ounce
communicative:chatty
region:county
essential:crucial
elasticity:spring
wan:listless
karma:providence
inquire:request
mutton:red meat
insinuate:ingratiate yourself
embellish:exaggerate
immobile:at a standstill
roughage:cellulose
marshal:position
adored:highly thought of
identify:detect
idyllic:calm
jibe:taunt
mushroom:thrive
palpable:obvious
obligingly:willingly
inside:confidential
particular:fussy
lavish:cover with
appeal:please
withered:shrunken
coup:feat
result:conclusion
impulsive:precipitate
unequal:disproportionate
nuptial:wedding
brassy:overstated
slit:split
pastel:pale
secure:fasten down
unrepentant:unapologetic
chalky:dry
Petty:irrelevant
gripped:enthralled
testimony:affidavit
in:during
confidentially:in confidence
nightfall:twilight
get:pick up
community:neighborhood
cover:involve
vibrant:alive
imagery:similes
lurid:bright
wad:chunk
clasp:fastening
straight:square
parcel:divide
nobleness:goodness
contritely:repentantly
Good:fair
opposite:conflicting
dike:embankment
bleed:hemorrhage
close:particular
maudlin:overemotional
tumult:hullabaloo
meaningless:hollow
grownup:responsible
Job:post
commendation:recommendation
emphatic:vigorous
victimization:unfair treatment
expression's:language
scented:fragrant
intended:projected
cosmetics:blusher
move:go
unendurable:more than you can bear
macabre:chilling
ancient:dated
strong:zealous
implement:put into service
dithering:irresolute
chain:procession
home:children's home
superintend:direct
examine:appraise
finality:determination
tweak:twist
add:put in
donor:contributor
solicit:seek
cone:conduit
Stark:glaring
deceptively:unrepresentatively
Lance:javelin
weave:invent
desegregation:reunion
chosen:preferred
freedom:frankness
taxing:strenuous
abrasively:coarsely
bunion:inflammation
gimmick:publicity stunt
evenhanded:impartial
salesperson:wholesaler
read:decipher
disbarment:removal
plane:horizontal
awkwardly:gracelessly
intolerably:insufferably
lesion:gash
scale:amount
warm:temperate
blowup:flatten
baptize:identify
malformation:distortion
energizer:stimulant
litigation:court case
sculpt:mold
intriguingly:fascinatingly
untangle:disentangle
promptness:swiftness
Holder:controller
soapy:lathered up
rapacity:avidity
authenticated:legal
secretarial:office
adjudge:adjudicate
shell:case
poor:inferior
record:facts
spender:financier
roar:howl
mistreated:badly treated
economy:market
make:effect
terrifyingly:worryingly
kind:benign
howl:cry
Curt:rude
applauded:commended
automatically:necessarily
recording:record
short:terse
stand:situate
predominance:prevalence
Sharp:definite
revolutionize:update
dictionary:thesaurus
rockiness:insecurity
glorify:praise
bother:disturb
estimable:good
illuminate:light up
adorn:prettify
lodgings:accommodation
blossom:be radiant
airless:close
disturbances:disorder
effortlessly:smoothly
apex:zenith
backdrop:setting
visualize:imagine
proliferate:breed
standoff:tiff
arrogantly:superciliously
Advent:coming on
dead:finished
clamorous:loud
moisture:dampness
minor:secondary
she'll:shield
phony:copy
holler:howl
writhe:struggle
bitterly:indignantly
pram:pushchair
debar:exclude
sliver:slice
precluded:unacceptable
principled:honorable
undivided:entire
proviso's:conditions
indubitably:without a doubt
fix:schedule
course:route
tell:differentiate
debate:consideration
fluency:confidence
spark:set off
unification:association
March:swagger
home:at your house
extroverted:fulsome
Lie:untruth
Chance:accidental
unmask:debunk
feast:indulge
conjurer:performer
precipitate:sudden
trivializing:indifferent
obverse:frontage
cleaver:ax
absolution:liberty
spitefully:viciously
particularly:exceptionally
balance:residue
orate:talk
opposition:disagreement
wittiness:wit
jurisdiction:field
delineation:definition
offering's:hand-outs
sprightly:energetic
Best:superlative
quarrel:row
incline:slant
irredeemable:incorrigible
unsanitary:unhealthy
pluck:bravery
ply:practice
diligent:thorough
requests:wishes
luxuriously:expensively
gracefully:with poise
activation:creation
Ingres's:way in
discouragement:caution
faith:conviction
mushy:gooey
please:like
downy:velvety
harmonizing:opposite
hate:find insufferable
straightforwardly:basically
pricey:steep
oversensitive:too sensitive
thus:like so
scent:fragrance
imagine:expect
handle:feel
print:font
personification:embodiment
laughingstock:clown
obdurate:unyielding
anticipatory:preventative
reel:go round and round
area:question
sullen:glowering
ornament:pattern
rider:requirement
restful:calming
ferocity:cruelty
tinker:fidget
feint:ploy
hen:chicken
smutty:filthy
derisively:sardonically
gaudiness:loudness
complicate:make problems
accredit:sanction
notched:jagged
confrontation:disagreement
magnetism:charm
here:now
coexisting:parallel
restore:reinstate
brew:grow
impish:mischievous
moodily:morosely
reprehensible:to blame
arrangement:procedure
instigation:start
oceans:stack
disorderly:muddled
hatefulness:dreadfulness
IN:into
stop:obstruct
growth:cyst
partly:to a certain extent
lacerate:tear
volume:amount
civilization:development
excruciating:terrible
austerity:hardship
waterlogged:saturated
flight:running away
textile:cloth
mark:scratch
soft:lenient
iniquity:evil
astute:perceptive
generously:munificently
facsimile:reproduction
chairperson:head
famished:lacking
parsonage:vicarage
talker:orator
bestseller:smash hit
spot:point
migratory:wandering
Park:playground
pass:toss
dictatorial:domineering
worry:concern
wad:chunk
moralize:sermonize
hitchhiker:rambler
promise:swear
tyranny:dictatorship
abstinence:self-discipline
drool:salivate
sleepy:tired
convincing:believable
hatch:decorate
Lie:tell stories
ricochet:echo
rehabilitated:new
strictly:stringently
sidestep:evade
couched:embedded
airtight:solid
satirically:caustically
assume:start to have
mightily:awfully
unplanned:spontaneous
help:lend a hand
revoltingly:disgustingly
anodyne:insipid
yes:okay
hopefully:with anticipation
rubbish:trash
defamation:denouncement
somersault:flip flop
fortitude:staying power
code:cryptogram
coyly:shyly
catnap:snooze
frigidly:distantly
equivocal:shifty
rummage:fumble
trait's:personality
being:body
negligent:indifferent
scrap:fracas
shoplifter:burglar
inconsiderable:negligible
suspend:put off
arrant:complete
flap:flail
shoplifter:thief
shakedown:extract
remorseless:coldhearted
deodorize:refresh
poised:self-assured
flier:have a crack
nevertheless:however
recouping:taking back
airy:open
awning:canopy
mind:heed
ferret:force out
spurt:gush
bracelets:costume jewelry
traumatic:upsetting
superfluity:overabundance
momentous:historic
daily:day after day
truly:extremely
shabby:threadbare
glad:pleased
technical:technological
pubescent:teen
sunken:deep-set
cross:cross over
uproot:deracinate
forerunner:prototype
vexation:irritation
manhood:womanhood
approximating:reminiscent of
period:interlude
untouched:intact
exemplary:ideal
clashing:conflicting
broadside:attack
unendurable:excruciating
cut:incise
film:tape
tastiness:succulence
dispel:dismiss
Crick:strain
start:surprise
subjugation:defeat
exultant:overjoyed
count:add up
revolving:turning
together:jointly
insignia:symbol
mobilize:call up
Begin:set out
piebald:mottled
undiluted:neat
grit:pebbles
unsupervised:unproven
aggrieved:hurt
screening:program
knack:capacity
wreathe:wind
keepsake:token
Buffalo:hoodwink
supervisor:superintendent
earliest:first
track:pursue
replace:interchange
neatness:efficiency
unintelligent:obtuse
previous:preceding
tasks:responsibilities
inborn:natural
cesspool:open drain
lifetime:existence
talisman:charm
aspect:expression
well:favorably
stable:even
excavation:quarry
pooped:fatigued
obey:conform
bulky:unmanageable
congregate:come together
discontinuous:irregular
grit:tenacity
raggedy:in tatters
increase:rise
risk:threat
correlated:interconnected
sneer:turn your nose up at
except:bar
upset:disruption
term's:conditions
fatalist:quitter
tingly:smarting
article:piece of writing
dam:boom
flog:thrash
wakeful:watchful
telltales:tattle
swell:inflate
itch:tingling
fuming:very angry
accomplishment:finishing
terms:conditions
sparing:careful
fatten:fatten up
detonation:ignition
perpetually:unendingly
wooden:timber
childlike:innocent
deign:agree
large:not inconsiderable
languid:graceful
exterminate:annihilate
disintegrate:collapse
utmost:chief
scrutiny:study
cataract:chute
PE:training
trashy:crummy
cafeteria:dining hall
quay:wharf
concisely:quickly
stab:run through
prosaic:commonplace
modicum:little
OK:satisfactory
portly:fat
fulcrum:hinge
flat:out-and-out
stain:disgrace
preference:inclination
untold:countless
transference:conveyance
repartee:jousting
prognosis:prospects
shambling:lumbering
bony:skeletal
rapt:gripped
energizing:refreshing
voyage:tour
unhinge:disturb
freeloader:idler
sanctum:hut
lacerate:shred
new:novel
habituated:adapted
bashfulness:wariness
turnout:expel
slow:dense
wallow:flounder
value:assessment
mortally:fatally
desecrated:sullied
ideal:height
animosity:acrimony
recreate:restore
awkward:cumbersome
nastiness:cruelty
clever:on the ball
intimidation:coercion
affirmation:upholding
furlough:unemployment
earshot:audible range
taper:abating
swirl:eddy
yelp:bark
pottery:ceramics
coworker:colleague
interminably:endlessly
daze:stupor
moneyed:prosperous
parentage:family
be:be alive
raggedy:dirty
plaza:piazza
commission:committee
unmitigated:complete
evacuation:emigration
stick:cane
destroyed:smashed
uneasiness:anxiety
ugliness:evil
almighty:omnipresent
cascade:waterfall
accession:taking office
carry:hold
possible:on the cards
scratch:drop out
scuffle:fight
hardhearted:unfeeling
sprouting:budding
imprint:hollow
contributions:hand-outs
overjoyed:joyful
quaver:twitter
approach:consider
entering:toward the inside
show:act
holler:scream
stolid:indifferent
beholden:indebted
ashore:aground
baldness:baldheadedness
core:nucleus
summit:conference
reason:wits
survey:review
tussle:brawl
ribbed:corrugated
inexpert:clumsy
flavor:spice up
intertwine:interlink
however:in spite of this
revoke:cancel
IN:voguish
feel:experience
discounted:on sale
corrupt:crooked
narrate:recount
hi:hello
suitable:appropriate
Begin:commence
insatiably:ravenously
miraculously:inexplicably
ground:flatten
survey:investigate
renounce:refuse
healthiness:robustness
largely:fundamentally
peewee:small
superintend:administer
excoriate:peel
lucidness:clear thought
displace:move
customize:modify
bumper:mega
discreetly:cautiously
pigment:stain
respectfully:reverentially
gruesome:grisly
stalking:annoyance
cenotaph:commemorative
outspread:stretch
Rush:haste
topple:collapse
viciousness:brutality
reworking:adaptation
heroism:daring
redecorate:refurbish
boat:ferry
dipped:bowl-shaped
inquisition:investigation
numb:deaden
quintessence:perfect example
flourish:show
unsympathetic:unconcerned
clown:play for laughs
miniaturization:trimness
inevitability:inescapability
row:rumpus
insupportable:unspeakable
indolent:sluggish
difficult:strenuous
cinder's:embers
rebuff:rejection
dwell:stay
diffuse:long-winded
pomposity:affectedness
tyro:pupil
ridged:ribbed
deaden:mute
sacrilegious:irreverent
emptiness:barrenness
apart:not together
grimly:repugnantly
pigskin:buckskin
unmatched:matchless
cultivator:planter
late:in the wee small hours
ether:the heavens
rally:assemble
devaluation:depression
lug:drag
tariff:cost
seashore:sand
dream:fancy
Beard:fuzz
brash:brassy
resident:neighborhood
pushing:just about
relentlessly:persistently
sleekness:neatness
mobilize:gather together
commission:authority
bureaucratic:ritual
marionette:doll
user:customer
venerable:admired
languid:dreamy
denseness:complexity
willpower:resolution
unreliability:changeableness
distill:cull
uniformity:regularity
begging:suppliant
inconspicuously:unnoticeably
vilification:criticism
exude:weep
inflexibility:intransigence
party:delegation
obstruction:obstacle
jewelry:charms
redress:set right
wear:put on
opposite:reverse
author:person behind
truth:loyalty
slant:lean
tingly:painful
undisturbed:in peace
foully:nauseatingly
wild:unmanageable
untruth:falsehood
central:innermost
acclamation:cheering
idealization:adulation
larceny:stealing
deadened:numb
telecast:TV show
smooth:efficient
galvanize:fire up
brainchild:creation
devotee:supporter
Be:subsist
weed:wild plant
summit:high-level meeting
instead:as a substitute
stipend:pay
placard:poster
retell:repeat
accentuate:play up
fault:find fault with
modulate:play down
scar:scrape
rasping:coarse
palate:appetite
neighborliness:kindness
signification:gist
values:principles
earnings:salary
gaping:cavernous
resounding:unqualified
oppose:resist
sobbing:sniveling
critical:life-threatening
tangle:twist
royals:crowned heads
twine:curl
present:acquaint with
singe:sear
flaunt:show off
pleat:tuck
crease:crinkle
distrustfully:doubtfully
potent:forceful
divisive:troublesome
block:chunk
perfidy:treachery
order:class
altruistically:selflessly
corner:angle
skinned:bleeding
so:therefore
digestion:absorption
persuasive:influential
residential:housing
disorderliness:disarrangement
right:utterly
relative:virtual
voracity:hunger
sleep:forty winks
quiet:peaceful
consideration:deliberation
adjudicate:deliver judgment
shatterproof:armored
guarantee:undertaking
ecosystem:system
define:term
abruptness:rudeness
attune:standardize
jeopardy:hazard
being:core
ebullient:cheery
exponent:example
primness:decorum
particular:item
spiritless:depressed
afterward:after that
souvenir:keepsake
jell:solidify
feisty:energetic
aim:aspire
turnover:income
succeed:result
enthused:encouraged
soiled:mucky
ribbons:streamers
Hunt:pursuit
ration:give out
assiduous:never-ending
petticoat:underskirt
wrestler:rebel
criticism:denigration
uncommonly:unusually
average:be more or less
muzzle:suppress
readily:easily
unwisely:irresponsibly
grove:coppice
covering:wrapper
snoozing:dozy
vital:most important
proviso:condition
Noble:good
legends:folklore
depth:concentration
typical:mainstream
soapsuds:bubbles
shelf:mantelpiece
cone:funnel
onset:commencement
run:function
leery:apprehensive
model:classic
doings:happenings
make:produce
homeland:motherland
larder:food cupboard
gap:fissure
plentiful:bounteous
direct:sincere
maharishi:spiritual guide
nationalized:state
diffuse:distribute
passable:acceptable
oblique:indirect
stable:long-standing
trickle:seep
obstinacy:intransigence
patio:courtyard
equalized:stable
Hiss:fizz
agreeable:pleasant
dilution:strength
sanctioned:certified
dished:hollow
geographically:organically
shoot:run
astir:live
ensuing:following
picturesque:scenic
contrite:regretful
meekness:submissiveness
shiftless:good-for-nothing
adornment:frill
Wake:waken
joyful:wonderful
visor:blind
unprejudiced:impartial
wrathfully:irately
subjectively:personally
competition:clash
take:ferry
unhealthful:noxious
canopy:shelter
method:sense
set:park
ramble:amble
telltale's:tell on somebody
brew:potion
prudishly:stuffily
sickly:sickly sweet
fix:dilemma
anon:rapidly
support:keep
proscribe:make illegal
obsolescent:outmoded
sluggishness:apathy
alternate:vary
tastefully:stylishly
piety:piousness
prevaricate:dissemble
encircled:bordered
snout:nose
deplore:lament
tastelessness:offensiveness
truly:accurately
Cliff:face
decent:sufficient
gruff:rasping
oversensitive:thin-skinned
regardless:anyhow
play:recreation
things:equipment
amassing:accretion
overspill:excess
sprawling:expansive
cork:top
saintliness:goodness
troubled:tricky
gravitate:drift down
helpfulness:utility
cold:icy
abscond:run away
run:keep on
meteoric:rapid
knockout:stunner
significantly:ominously
discreet:cautious
present:state
abhorrent:disgusting
marvel:spectacle
estimate:approximation
reason:rationale
communications:transportation
faithlessly:unfaithfully
batten:secure
undemonstrative:unemotional
canter:run
go:work
pressure:heaviness
victimization:persecution
abrasive:rude
ashen:gray
incorporeal:disembodied
detained:apprehended
quaintness:peculiarity
posting:reorganization
jester:clown
heinous:atrocious
performance:execution
reverberation:echo
homogeneously:consistently
cudgel:club
morose:sullen
line:streak
procedural:practical
dumpy:short and fat
brew:threaten
depository:store
glide:wheel
alienation:division
trouble:make an effort
trace:copy
combine:bring together
unnerve:alarm
unprotected:unguarded
amiable:likable
escape:running away
sterilizer:purifier
salvage:recoup
endowed:capable
regurgitate:reiterate
liniment:balm
create:initiate
break:collapse
understand:twig
Chuck:wedge
Charity:help
belatedly:too late
labor:endeavor
observant:vigilant
fact:actuality
resolute:firm
outgrowth:result
full:bursting
disheveled:unkempt
friendly:pleasant
faithfully:realistically
swashbuckler:traveler
short:midstream
insistent:resolute
appropriateness:correctness
castigate:reprimand
settled:complete
ailing:ill
investigative:undercover
fortunately:auspiciously
spiraling:strengthening
presentiment:hunch
steamy:muggy
Establishment:formation
debate:argue
playwright:author
wasted:tired
tenuously:vaguely
coffer's:bank account
twang:strum
usher:lead
howl:yowl
voyage:go on a journey
adulate:elevate
feebleness:thinness
flag:wilt
finished:planed
labyrinthine:tangled
bloom:bruise
skillful:clever
rise:go up
fright:dread
finished:complete
dreamy:out of this world
amethyst:heliotrope
contaminate:sully
beyond:afar
ready:likely to
indelicacy:offensiveness
disorderly:unsystematic
dump:desert
deodorize:clean
binding:tie
farm:raise
rain:rainfall
bracing:cold
grumble:protest
remonstrate:squabble
increase:redouble
Inquisition:inquiry
ply:thickness
gratifying:pleasing
explaining:clearing up
assail:overcome
purposeful:determined
stoop:deign
lumbering:hulking
suggesting:symptomatic of
crammed:crowded
flattering:gratifying
embroil:mix up with
dam:block
dreamlike:bizarre
holdup:hindrance
expound:illustrate
tactically:strategically
reclamation:renovation
materialistically:covetously
ache:be painful
hint:help
stockroom:storeroom
slinky:feline
network:system
dimness:shadowiness
damaged:scratched
rotary:revolving
end:aim
outrun:exceed
greedily:acquisitively
formidable:arduous
coiffure:blow-dry
babble:twaddle
department:division
gentility:decorum
shape:influence
aloof:remote
disjointed:incoherent
inelegance:coarseness
tenderly:love
secretion:discharge
ascendant:rising
eroded:weather-beaten
Farmer:cultivator
tree's:plants
arm:supply with weapons
sharing:allocation
sonorous:booming
subsidize:back
delineate:set down
loose:floppy
loftiness:disdain
so:as a result
viscera:guts
cordial:genial
T'ang:aftertaste
lipstick:eye shadow
masked:wearing a veil
neophyte:tenderfoot
roadblock:obstruction
Revere:admire
Battle:m?l?e
promulgation:circulation
chastisement:punishment
unhurt:uninjured
elusive:mysterious
unclothed:undressed
Good:high-quality
perspicuity:eloquence
respite:postponement
encompass:include
update:inform
listeners:addressees
narrowly:only just
worsted:defeated
insurgency:revolution
slip:sneak
pang:spasm
Misty:murky
rapturous:elated
delete:remove
Set:resolute
body:federation
poised:hanging
unfettered:unregulated
home:family
indecisively:hesitantly
sprawl:lounge
plainness:bluntness
vitalizing:stimulating
neurotic:irrational
replicate:duplicate
denouncing:critical
truthful:straightforward
jinx:evil eye
uncomplicated:easy
astronomical:exorbitant
insurmountable:insuperable
rain:precipitation
family:dynasty
help:aid
stoutness:toughness
apply:concern
originality:innovation
influentially:powerfully
desecrate:vandalize
indestructible:durable
arm:limb
muzzle:stifle
and:as well as
trashed:upside down
announcement:proclamation
bloom:shadow
late:last-minute
move:shift
bragging:self-satisfied
franchise:permit
quartet:foursome
nefarious:despicable
dissension:opposition
inciting:stirring
purposeful:persistent
spite:unkindness
goofy:ludicrous
cede:surrender
impasse:standoff
giddiness:overexcitement
unequal:unfair
indiscretion:lapse
direct:point
some:a number of
upon:leading
inanity:silliness
sophistication:urbanity
Bird's:nature
pacific:gentle
enumeration:listing
inoperative:not working
scrap:brawl
rearmost:hindmost
fuzzily:vaguely
strained:nervous
decrepitude:disrepair
shaman:sage
warhead:weapon
reawakening:recovery
wiggle:jiggle
remembrance:tribute
acclamation:approbation
spending:expenditure
rambling:irregular
syringe:needle
involved:mixed up
steamy:foggy
cede:let go
perplexed:thrown
subversive:dissident
testy:touchy
nauseating:off-putting
autonomously:separately
vortex:eddy
pare:shave
microbe:bacteria
angle:outlook
adversity:harsh conditions
paternal:loving
quaint:pretty
reference:suggestion
stern:somber
greatest:utmost
beforehand:early
pummel:hit
overweening:conceited
title:entitlement
engagingly:alluringly
milled:crushed
closest:next
perpetuate:propagate
lucidity:articulateness
dimness:blurriness
espouse:back
magistrate's:judges
protest:demonstration
expression:example
disorganize:jumble
thorny:problematic
associate:friend
mosaic:montage
bite:maul
indistinctly:unclearly
high:from top to bottom
lavish:immoderate
natal:birth
canvasser:examiner
aid:assistance
improvise:extemporize
sanctified:consecrated
rivet:mesmerize
sterility:unproductiveness
tacit:unstated
obedience:agreement
invective:tirade
Arctic:frozen
prance:swagger
sense:intellect
awakening:arousing
disinfectant:purifier
guiltiness:fault
oafish:loutish
abstinent:abstemious
aristocrats:landed gentry
serially:in order
guide:pilot
dawdle:linger
consequential:substantial
modernistic:ahead of its time
tangy:pungent
release:issue
theater:drama
wriggle:move about
trimmings:add-ons
lend:give somebody the use of
renounce:reject
disapprove:dislike
calibrate:standardize
deserter:runaway
underpaid:poorly paid
route:means
utilitarian:effective
humorless:staid
beautiful:picturesque
blench:hesitate
unroll:open out
motorized:power-driven
gantry:framework
hemorrhage:drain away
adulation:admiration
meet:get together
carapace:skin
duet:duo
Pound:mash
nullify:invalidate
content:gist
gymnasium:sports club
tent:exhibition area
cursor:pointer
haggard:worn-down
juicy:sensational
harebrained:scatty
asleep:fast asleep
cachet:distinction
device:way
permanent:eternal
decently:decorously
tumbledown:come clattering down
surfacing:sprouting
core:self
entrench:root
guardianship:responsibility
transport:carry
conjectural:speculative
platoon:detachment
Crater:depression
ruby:claret
nonbreakable:reinforced
slops:pig food
hard:tough
nearly:practically
banded:with stripes
conviviality:cordiality
malice:spite
experiment:testing
oddity:eccentric
make:present
depletion:reduction
function:affair
tribulation:misfortune
check:try
succulence:moistness
rust:oxidation
gluey:glutinous
dearth:need
squint:uneven
glimmer:spark
confusion:muddle
ripe:set
disadvantage:hardship
sip:swallow
home:in
twig's:kindling
serve:work for
lavishness:luxuriousness
joyfully:for joy
unsightliness:unpleasantness
deathly:stony
affront:disrespect
undeniably:incontestably
flight:journey
mold:form
ponderous:hefty
airship:zeppelin
crescent:hemispherical
subtraction:calculation
uncontrollable:uncontainable
problem:hitch
remnants:odds and ends
gauche:tactless
encyclopedia:information bank
imperiously:domineeringly
squalor:foulness
knead:press
doodad:thingy
frigid:frosty
harangue:criticism
conformity:accord
lacquer:gloss
jostle:push
subsidize:sponsor
personified:in material form
hoarseness:roughness
take:catch
advertise:shout out
hit:cuff
Singer:soloist
fluff:ruffle
incivility:lack of respect
far:a long way away
pusillanimous:faint-hearted
disdain:disparagement
spring:bounce
officious:intrusive
everywhere:all over the place
interest:be of interest
ill:unpleasantly
conjugal:matrimonial
debilitating:unbearable
tendency:predisposition
individualism:egoism
Good:pleasant
frisk:cavort
zealously:passionately
as:for instance
manner:behavior
inertness:motionlessness
cloudy:ambiguous
relapse:degeneration
lop:trim
snippy:curt
see:check
whopping:enormous
sanctification:dedication
surmise:theorize
blame:condemn
reaction:outcome
movement:traffic
showiness:flashiness
celebratory:congratulatory
tartness:cruelty
affiliate:connect
circumstance:fact
inexact:approximate
spume:fluff
finished:professional
idly:casually
label:categorization
warring:martial
perky:playful
collaborator:associate
precipitate:unexpected
shell's:bombs
attuned:in tune
hint:imply
fumble:scrabble
running:in a row
sculpt:carve
assaulter:thug
rustler:robber
Burr:brogue
laggard:foot-dragger
deformed:bent
immeasurably:hugely
straightforwardly:directly
immodest:conceited
fundamentals:basics
Forest:wood
laconic:economical
chieftain:chief
bachelor:unattached
mistiness:haziness
advantage's:reward
painkiller:local anesthetic
step:stride
revolutionize:modernize
habitual:chronic
less:not as much of
farm:grow
utensil:tool
inexpert:inept
log:keep a record of
somberly:seriously
readily:without difficulty
minority:underground
disadvantageous:injurious
lawfully:properly
absorption:raptness
redraft:revision
aptness:suitability
aim:target
pestering:persecution
extensiveness:range
marooned:isolated
wasting:homicide
uncivil:rude
douse:put out
synopsis:pr?cis
clear:earn
trace:sketch
collected:serene
remind:ring a bell
florid:ornate
accusatory:snappish
accept:agree to
scathing:derisive
placement:post
ape:orangutan
crumpled:creased
snub:slight
pained:injured
vindictive:bitter
attic:top story
measureless:boundless
foothold:grip
Post:mail
passing:fleeting
incongruous:inconsistent
riotous:out of control
raucous:grating
protest:announce
effecting:finishing
exorbitant:overpriced
materialize:become visible
consideration:substance
bushy:shaggy
idea:knowledge
codicil:rider
Stern:hardhearted
derivation:descent
recline:lie down
martyr:willing victim
mirth:hilarity
raceway:shaft
potency:energy
infrequently:occasionally
continued:continual
suspect:suppose
utterly:wholly
negotiator:delegate
blaspheme:commit blasphemy
indecipherable:scrawled
earthenware:terracotta
unyielding:adamant
compulsory:obligatory
headrest:padding
niche:nook
grubby:mucky
trouncing:defeat
blow:drive
breadth:span
excruciatingly:painfully
hectic:wild
cabin:berth
near:touch on
mutineer:insurgent
advantage:gain
shoddily:meanly
wispy:delicate
color:paint
befall:take place
agility:alertness
water:hose
demonstrator:expounder
outspoken:forthright
sensibly:logically
bylaw:statute
summon:gather
task:errand
untiring:indefatigable
mooch:wander
affirmation:pronouncement
joist:support
discredit:shame
clairvoyant:intuitive
dubious:shady
Lodge:stop
spangle:glitter
demonstrate:determine
meditation:deliberation
daintiness:neatness
unhappiness:gloom
skillful:expert
Stern:uncompromising
rancor:resentment
unprompted:spontaneous
dainty:exquisite
compulsorily:by force
ration:allowance
exorcise:get rid of
variation:discrepancy
imperil:risk
accessories:trimmings
spawn:seed
decent:moderate
pounded:powdered
depressingly:dismally
poised:self-confident
note:annotation
sham:pretend
erect:stiff
funny:curious
use:bring into play
fade:lose color
panacea:cure
ape:gorilla
weather:coarsen
brashly:forcefully
gushing:conversational
secret:covert
Mass:bulk
removal:subtraction
wringing:sodden
prospect:dig
Peg:track
trifling:silly
extrication:detachment
mostly:commonly
planning:development
sleepy:inactive
join:stick together
commiserate:console
burliness:beefiness
counseling:psychotherapy
podium:stand
respite:interval
venison:veal
cloudiness:uncertainness
ember:glowing coal
dogged:tenacious
scintillating:witty
crane:derrick
synchronize:make tally
inauguration:investiture
flavor:feeling
signify:be a sign of
Sue:file a suit
separately:individually
embankment:guard
seethe:boil
humorist:comedian
name:appellation
film:layer
communicate:put out
break:coffee break
pathetically:emotively
furious:angry
inflate:pump up
unfairness:bigotry
rejects:second-hand goods
indemnity:payment
China:plates
remember:bring to mind
mockery:scorn
concern:alarm
rapturous:blissful
cutup:chop
credence:acceptance
ballooned:distended
stiffen:congeal
politesse:demureness
tight:dense
unharmed:unscratched
flea:bug
globule:bead
unprecedented:unparalleled
pushiness:diligence
follow:result
obese:corpulent
modulate:control
gastronomic:cookery
dedication:keenness
commencing:inauguration
warden:guardian
unfashionable:pass?
strongly:strappingly
patch:plot of land
spare:get by without
doubtful:insecure
furl:fold up
impulsion:drive
desire:aspiration
holdup:robbery
intercession:negotiation
range:scale
further:added
stabbing:sharp
ode:rhyme
reduce:decrease
large:outsized
Cross:resist
intractable:problematic
allusion:suggestion
commission:appoint
redistribution:reorganization
aloof:cold
simultaneous:coincident
tartly:bitingly
despondently:sadly
run:go
sophomoric:jejune
chow:fare
mooch:steal
outworn:outmoded
totally:wholly
streamer's:garland
melodramatically:sensationally
vibrant:brilliant
ridge:crinkle
disadvantage:burden
advance:innovation
airiness:spaciousness
on:continuously
chilly:icy
dullness:insipidness
succinctly:pithily
fail:pack up
helix:coil
elude:dodge
Moody:changeable
nature:character
future:forthcoming
strongly:fanatically
cringe:shrink
freewheeling:non-interventionist
down:gulp down
serially:in sequence
uncritical:gullible
inside:surrounded by
inimitable:matchless
stash:put away
piteous:distressing
careful:cautious
cataleptic:out cold
cheerfulness:joyfulness
nice:pleasant
misappropriation:cheating
arousal:excitement
prowess:aptitude
atmosphere:ambiance
scar:damage
oodles:piles
art:talent
paperwork:red tape
underhanded:dastardly
hole:dump
pause:rest
repair:mending
aglow:incandescent
stable:durable
noose:loop
equalize:match
smooth:soft
final:finishing
hulk:shell
pique:stimulate
figure:feature
hinterland:vicinity
sloppiness:negligence
trick:trap
ferocity:rage
cyst:sore
compellingly:emotively
identify:find
stately:imperial
eyeglasses:glasses
improve:enhance
waste:unused
outspokenly:candidly
moodiness:irritable
unusual:abnormal
sully:soil
rebelliously:disobediently
delightfully:pleasantly
affliction:difficulty
impenetrable:enigmatic
rattan:wicker
uneven:unsymmetrical
marketplace:market
officialdom:bureaucracy
defaulting:non-payment
preserve:safeguard
unconditional:total
orifice:chops
sequentially:one after the other
spear:impale
entanglement:mess
unwitting:coincidental
mutilate:harm
stock:domestic animals
wild:rowdy
trustfulness:innocence
airtight:strong
overheated:excited
domineer:oppress
plug:endorse
snootiness:snobbishness
dubious:suspect
tramp:trek
unstated:assumed
academic:educational
on:proceeding
delivery:carriage
sheathing:covering
provable:incontestable
scam:dodge
preservation:keeping
percussion:hitting
pursuer:litigant
overheat:boil
wear:clothing
devotedly:enthusiastically
irresponsibility:changeability
entwine:interlace
miss:fail to see
agree:approve
vibrantly:brightly
finish:stop
matted:disheveled
primary:initial
nearest:nearby
agreement:pact
idea:design
relish:savor
intelligence:brains
repeat:replicate
sodden:drenched
emolument:lotion
prowling:raiding
harmless:risk-free
foster:nurture
elate:exhilarate
agreement:union
component:section
enduring:permanent
awe:surprise
wall:edge
protest:march
cosmological:stellar
fancy:whim
informer:grass
piggyback:take credit
disquiet:worry
unskillful:clumsy
decomposed:decaying
advantage:lead
similar:comparable
nap:slumber
transfigure:alter
base:source
recharge:renew
abundant:plentiful
colliery:shaft
must:duty
teacher:trainer
complexity:intricacy
adorn:titivate
hideousness:repulsiveness
boiler:container
offensively:impolitely
composed:calm
forced:required
elation:joy
headland:peninsula
tease:irritate
finding:conclusion
concourse:courtyard
say:reveal
perforation:damage
holdup:last
insure:underwrite
gain:advance
sight:see
patrol:group
yarn:wool
blaspheme:swear
heinous:scandalous
communicate:talk
to:in the direction of
insincerity:deceit
Pound:squash
sizzle:spit
melancholy:sorrow
carousing:revelry
stultify:assuage
stylishness:panache
cultivated:educated
floor:ground
voluminous:ample
ding:ring
amputation:abstraction
shrewdly:cannily
saunter:stroll
downfall:end
big:significant
headset:earpiece
underrate:underestimate
urbane:suave
undiluted:pure
spurt:burst
bit:tad
copy:disc
shrine:temple
disastrously:unsuccessfully
staggeringly:amazingly
breakable:fine
snippets:oddments
overflowing:brimful
unnecessary:unwarranted
blab:snitch
belligerent:confrontational
consistency:runniness
devotedly:kindly
appurtenance's:accessories
foiled:obstructed
exasperation:annoyance
either:moreover
blight:disease
bearing:point of reference
hard:unbreakable
veto:bar
bowels:insides
fathom:grasp
astonished:dumbfounded
powerful:great
thoughtlessly:foolishly
abuse:verbal abuse
malignancy:sarcoma
lusciousness:scrumptiousness
silken:sleek
hostilely:viciously
uncharted:unexplored
irreverent:derisive
extravagantly:lavishly
obligate:force
through:finished
receive:greet
information:in rank
delirious:hectic
passerby:person walking by
nag:annoy
haunting:evocative
suffering:torment
burgeoning:growing
confirm:approve
precautionary:preventive
hurry:rush
tattle:talk
immoderately:wastefully
preparatory:elementary
certain:specified
compatriot:fellow citizen
against:in contradiction of
furiously:irately
tireless:assiduous
bewildering:maze-like
cohorts:buddies
China:cups
hem:edging
application:attention
teatime:lunchtime
left:absent
hydroplane:aircraft
chirp:squeak
falsely:untruly
earnest:serious
hoarder:saver
expansiveness:mass
money:currency
vigor:vitality
annotation's:clarification
disaffect:make unfriendly
appease:conciliate
playact:fake
cipher:secret message
bottleneck:jam
dizziness:vertigo
Bill:schedule
conventionally:typically
invoice:debit
favorably:positively
begin:start on
chip:hew
snippy:crabby
suitable:fitting
gloom:dejection
natural:usual
infraction:breach
fidgety:unstill
squabble:row
decrease:shrinkage
niggle:objection
disputable:moot
eat:breakfast
subdued:passive
furnish:deliver
impracticable:impractical
thoughtful:wistful
rueful:remorseful
protest:complaint
neighboring:adjoining
bop:do
daze:stun
acceleration:speeding up
lawless:uncontrolled
spinning:revolving
impatience:irritation
sternly:austerely
scholarly:bookish
sporadic:infrequent
farther:out of
Bloom:tint
imperishable:immortal
flourish:fanfare
meticulously:carefully
catchword:motto
reflection:indication
cadence:accent
extreme:tremendous
ointment:gel
slurred:run together
package:wrap up
debilitated:harmed
tenant:occupant
revolving:rotating
stick:staff
encircled:delimited
retreat:hideaway
degree:step
skeptically:distrustfully
disquiet:concern
engagements:schedule
perfidy:betrayal
gamble:venture
spark:flash
darned:pesky
cushion:mitigate
strapping:big and strong
mortified:offended
pouch:pocket
good:expert
totter:wobble
difficulty:impediment
rudely:impolitely
livid:up in arms
powerful:violent
crash:racket
contingent:reliant
posturing:affectation
bad:merciless
existent:surviving
slate:put down for
unfeeling:uncaring
antithesis:reverse
renovate:remodel
hunch:feeling
defiance:non-cooperation
evacuate:clear from
bedding:comforter
atrociousness:viciousness
wanton:gratuitous
quarrel:squabble
abrasive:argumentative
complex:knotty
mall:shopping mall
sprout:bud
primal:ancient
shakedown:wrest
ceramics:earthenware
heartfelt:cordial
close:denouement
maternally:lovingly
shredded:in rags
loosen:come loose
hospitably:sociably
cutthroat:aggressive
completing:finishing
middling:mediocre
agnosticism:skepticism
ubiquitously:universally
artifice:wiles
reflection:sign
ambition:get-up-and-go
vulgarism:vulgar language
apocalypse:catastrophe
qualms:doubts
gloomy:dismal
expiate:apologize
folks:people
outfit's:fashion
voyage:sail
dent:gap
earmark:allot
brawn:strength
understandingly:with sensitivity
occupancy:residence
euphoric:overjoyed
blockage:impasse
unruliness:disruptiveness
develop:renovate
grateful:gratifying
investments:hoard
tend:be liable
rawhide:elephant hide
lie:perjure yourself
rearrangement:relocation
inhumanity:unkindness
reconciled:submissive
mysterious:strange
coagulate:form a mass
wallow:welter
wineglass:flute
derive:receive
director:executive
brew:draft
overcharge:overprice
issue:delivery
penitent:rueful
charismatic:charming
bill:cost
game's:sport
rebelliousness:noncompliance
promptly:quickly
legacy:bequest
offstage:behind the scenes
wail:scream
mournfully:desolately
doubtful:suspicious
follow:chase
sheet:expanse
concord:harmony
psychoanalyst:psychiatric therapist
honored:grateful
war:fighting
Pat:shape
resonantly:reminiscently
outmoded:out of use
baseless:unjustified
methodology:line of attack
blotchy:reddened
keynote:major
phlegmatic:matter-of-fact
fraction:little bit
obvious:palpable
wits:intelligence
returning:chronic
personage:celebrity
overrun:teeming
designation:description
warmhearted:kind
cocktail:brew
unknowingly:innocently
waste:waste away
pester:worry
blubber:cry
thump:bang
hamstrung:constrained
clamorous:deafening
churchyard:graveyard
grower:cultivator
earnings:pay envelope
refractory:disobedient
hurricane:whirlwind
retch:be sick
trust:hope
property:acreage
esplanade:boardwalk
whirlwind:tornado
serendipity:providence
base:root
Lot:batch
blinkered:constrained
nitpicking:pickiness
workers:people
zenith:acme
commandant:leader
improvident:reckless
trivial:inconsequential
Lane:passing lane
variety:category
chutzpah:impudence
protector:guard
Pound:grind
pleasant:satisfying
light:lightweight
vice:secondary
embrace:grip
stratum:section
design:sketch
nutritious:nourishing
playact:simulate
manacle:handcuff
mow:cut down
vagabond:hobo
picking:option
indoor:rainy-day
croon:say
web:network
pageantry:ceremony
dawning:start
nurture:take care of
Be:come to pass
turbulently:wildly
transact:take care of
machine's:gear
respectably:suitably
recourse:option
restively:twitchily
amiss:incorrect
transferable:transportable
frivolously:merrily
imposing:arresting
underhanded:dishonest
respond:reply
stair's:staircase
manifest:show
happenstance:chance
directness:candor
ransom:rescue
fitness:ability
troubling:disquieting
ape:monkey
throng:pack
mystique:charm
sprinkling:shake
tasty:yummy
categorical:definite
budge:shift
plaintive:melancholic
soft:gentle
speedily:immediately
incendiary:inflammable
illustrative:elucidatory
chain:string
indestructible:imperishable
girdle:belt
instill:encourage
powerlessness:weakness
Frost:frostiness
constrict:narrow
gloomily:sullenly
Wolf:eat
interject:butt in
strike:work to rule
hiking:ice climbing
think:deem
downy:feathery
peeve:irritation
hinterland:locality
diplomat:negotiator
Mark:scratch
rob:steal from
story:untruth
purport:assert
untried:experimental
ravages:ruin
homesickness:nostalgia
austerity:strictness
earthly:material
hugeness:enormity
impotent:unable
inquiry:inquisition
aspirant:hopeful
climax:best moment
ornaments:curios
decry:disparage
enunciate:talk about
stout:sturdy
Joy:thrill
formed:twisted
equably:steadily
tryst:assignation
immovable:permanent
remarks:interpretation
swayed:converted
theorist:logician
deferential:obsequious
Hiss:sizzle
loom:hang over somebody
status:stage
trouble's:scrape
dyspepsia:acid stomach
ludicrousness:preposterousness
murkiness:fogginess
knoll:mound
cancellation:postponement
tantrums:irritability
liable:predisposed
preserve:ambit
any:a few
appeal:request
getup:costume
banter:tease
hibernate:sleep through winter
line's:shape
fine:discriminating
fulfill:finish
summarily:immediately
wrangle:disagreement
embargo:block
grove:orchard
grateful:refreshing
inheritor:offspring
pervasive:enveloping
soot:grunge
life:soul
aftereffects:outcome
measure's:events
spirit:life-force
decent:pure
redistribution:posting
oracle:revelation
stay:defer
roundabouts:about
forward:send on
faithfully:dependably
youngster's:adolescents
delve:research
outmoded:outdated
crag:cliff
grunt:sound
noncommittal:unrevealing
make:create
loose:unprofessional
undercurrent:air
unwanted:surplus
dazzle:stun
disfavor:ill-treatment
Levy:charge
base:dishonorable
troublesome:disorderly
unreal:faux
constant:unbroken
unyielding:steadfast
crib:cheat
magnetism:draw
artificial:simulated
bus:car
clasp:hug
secretiveness:furtiveness
preventable:avoidable
thoughtfully:broodingly
feel:handle
indecorous:ill-mannered
operation:venture
upset:sadden
with:by way of
relate:form a relationship
crossly:furiously
neurosis:fixation
overdrawn:over your limit
Land:nation
string:cord
difficult:easier said than done
sop:hush money
stockbroker:adviser
try:hear
netting:net
ascendancy:control
pictorial:striking
ethic's:beliefs
mottled:stippled
values:ideals
nucleus:core
bring:produce
sequins:tinsel
waylay:surprise
intimidating:threatening
family:family tree
propagation:proliferation
painstaking:meticulous
survive:live longer than
ridiculousness:ludicrousness
sharp:snappish
wait:delay
trailblazer:guide
disused:abandoned
hideout:hideaway
collaborator:teammate
dulcet:melodic
scuff:scratch
bile:fury
loathed:detested
twigs:undergrowth
Chuck:grub
drawl:inflection
whole:totality
fixture's:furniture
Visa:pass
mind:brains
cranky:ratty
atypical:out of the usual run of things
develop:mature
anymore:any longer
attune:adjust
embellishment:enhancement
touching:affecting
canvas's:seek
stoop:crouch down
marina:dock
vanguard:front line
overpowering:unbearable
mistake:fail to appreciate
stand:set
pearly:shining
Cancer:canker
constant:steady
inaugurate:bring into being
make:be
tinge:trace
pocketing:embezzlement
taking:delightful
twitch:go into spasm
Wash:coloring
jaunt:day away
elope:abscond
chastise:discipline
improvement:recovery
lead:prime
construe:interpret
philosophy:attitude
feckless:weak
stony:flinty
authorization:leave
strikeout:score out
suspect:have doubts about
fetid:rank
boundless:vast
chagrin:annoyance
follow:ensue
waxen:colorless
extravagance:wastefulness
observation's:remarks
tighten:squeeze
salesperson:trader
severe:dangerous
procrastinate:dawdle
honeymoon:nuptial
authenticate:validate
jostle:push around
smear:bring into disrepute
toil:work
kindle:incite
virtuously:purely
cheerily:merrily
last:continue
unknown:strange
obstinate:persistent
pop:dash
shuddering:quaking
trimness:compactness
psychiatrist:psychiatric specialist
pretty:cute
administration:doling out
chimera:fantasy
querulous:grouchy
labored:strenuous
hidden:obscure
satisfy:fill
authority:firmness
enthusiastically:devotedly
maternally:warmly
falter:abate
irreproachable:perfect
knowingly:calculatingly
unpolluted:clear
spectators:addressees
subliminal:unconscious
immunity:exception
room:span
unearned:unfair
uncontaminated:sterilized
drudge:plod
warm:warmhearted
hoarsely:gruffly
unambiguously:definitely
conscript:rookie
stinking:fetid
grogginess:faintness
industrially:mechanically
fortune:destiny
refrigerated:cooled
document:record
indubitably:unquestionably
gas:swap gossip
knock:clout
near:draw near to
loose:free
pocket:receptacle
expatiate:dwell upon
son:teenager
pocketing:larceny
specific:express
irreligious:unspiritual
betrayer:turncoat
indecipherable:inscrutable
grant:concede
extroverted:demonstrative
recuperation:repossession
protrude:overhang
gush:flood
chilliness:lower temperature
innovator:trendsetter
analytic:logical
imitation:ersatz
exception:immunity
gunshot:shooting
dirtied:spoiled
ingenuously:honestly
miscarry:fall short
abscond:make off
connivance:participation
condescending:disdainful
succeed:be successful
carnage:bloodshed
disfavor:unkindness
towering:very tall
diffusion:dissemination
pulsate:beat
mellow:soften
authentically:realistically
bald:direct
lope:dash
crotchety:irritable
physical:animal
Porter:concierge
soaking:saturated
hard:severe
limits:limits
Tad:fragment
occasion:give rise to
mindlessly:unthinkingly
mouth:gate
escalation:rise
alight:on fire
want:fancy
seating:seats
bug:surveillance device
Lot:destiny
regularly:frequently
cantankerous:bad tempered
plop:place
domineering:dictatorial
brood:offspring
rewarded:happy
trample:tread on
unrelentingly:mercilessly
sensational:sensationalist
faithlessly:deceptively
disheartening:intimidating
dung:muck
soundness:reliability
benefit:profit
moot:suggest
try:aim
incontestably:obviously
add:insert
wane:vanish
juxtaposition:combination
confuse:blur
nebulous:indefinable
flagrant:patent
treatment:behavior
dutiful:obedient
gel:set
pique:anger
bulk:best part
prowling:pillaging
unreachable:remote
dock's:waterfront
straight:as the crow flies
elevation:rise
impale:stab
Grace:style
kudos:stature
sentence:punishment
gross:unpleasant
fierceness:power
defunct:obsolete
elevate:make higher
greatness:eminence
goon:carry on
bear:stand
fringes:periphery
catch:no-win situation
caper:frolic
payer:customer
shabbily:despicably
blame:reproach
devoted:dutiful
eradicate:do away with
itch:prickle
indefensibly:untenably
warmth:tenderness
alarm:scare
trust:be sure about
recharged:rejuvenated
noose:lasso
petrify:calcify
SWAT:clobber
righteousness:honesty
deplore:be sorry
accomplishment's:happenings
eject:show somebody the door
annoying:frustrating
and:also
disapprovingly:curtly
undisputed:definite
steadfast:unfaltering
brashly:assertively
countersign:back
pleading:importunate
pest:vermin
crusty:bad-tempered
first:primarily
sprint:race
gloom:murk
post:advertise
slaver:dribble
cry:yell
gloom:gloominess
scold:reproach
studious:hard-working
imposition:burden
extempore:unplanned
unalterable:unchangeable
patrician:titled
bankroll:fund
improbability:questionability
Pole:extremity
gather:assemble
tarnishing:defilement
character:temperament
freeloader:sponger
lift:filch
forager:scavenger
dimness:darkness
coolness:self-assurance
incomparably:excellently
breathtaking:amazing
enlargement:amplification
fearlessly:boldly
stalemate:tie
suit:outfit
obliterate:annihilate
delectable:charming
brisk:invigorating
foible:quirk
snub:shame
judge:adjudicate
incensed:irritated
benefaction:patronage
indigestible:heavy
inadequately:scantily
rumba:tango
wife:husband
grave:mausoleum
badly:acutely
rampart:wall
tell:relate
capacity:ability
exultantly:delightedly
inanely:idiotically
hindrance:limitation
doubtful:untrustworthy
systematically:methodically
intrigues:machinations
find:get
pamper:treat
magic:fairy-tale
preserve:defend
obliteration:annihilation
perfect:reach the summit of
whack:belt
warmest:deep
immigrant:colonizer
blazing:tremendous
montage:assortment
utterly:quite
defensible:unassailable
sheathing:cover
appetizingly:delectably
usually:by and large
unsuitable:improper
swathe:path
occasion:possibility
extra:additional
Stern:harsh
collation:feast
migrant:itinerant
debauchery:iniquity
goon:keep up
mauling:injury
marrow:soul
reconsideration:review
drably:gloomily
warden:custodian
face:countenance
becoming:seemly
plank:board
inoffensive:dull
obdurately:mulishly
fiber:roughage
effrontery:nerve
interface:crossing point
excess:leftover
straight:shipshape
expressive:representing
peccadillo:transgression
unsuitable:unbecoming
catch:net
trimly:compactly
threateningly:gloomily
unsteady:changeable
espouse:champion
hue:description
doddering:doting
associated:allied
Rich:loaded
impure:dirty
jab:prod
gambol:hop
depart:go away
move:shuffle
throughout:all the way through
proportion:percentage
prosaic:banal
condensation:shortening
inanimate:lifeless
trouble:put out
unsophisticated:ingenuous
surface:come to light
craftiness:slyness
Lie:tell untruths
blue:wretched
scalpel:cook's knife
championship:challenge
Singer's:choral group
careful:sensitive
stop:interrupt
unyielding:stanch
liberalize:free up
mindlessness:foolishness
relating:concerning
vengeance:reprisal
agriculture:gardening
prominence:swelling
part:ingredient
lee's:remains
underdone:bloody
traumatic:shocking
bravura:virtuoso
nugget:chunk
scoop:measure
tartly:sourly
indecent:inappropriate
fall:reduction
defame:libel
rut:furrow
bedazzled:dazed
band:strap
circumspect:wary
wilds:boondocks
shenanigan's:monkeyshines
irremediable:irredeemable
diploma:qualification
anxiety:concern
benefit:assistance
cordially:affectionately
nod:bob
indigo:cobalt
definition:characterization
antecedents:background
slimming:healthy
spear:gouge
hatchet:cut
sanction:measure
official:endorsed
match:reach
minute's:record
anti:dead set against
record's:account
flow:spring
riches:treasures
sunless:gloomy
give:hand
beneficially:constructively
hatchet:sever
belie:give the lie to
train:succession
temperamental:excitable
monies:taxes
discourage:put off
resolutely:purposefully
overtake:pass
taciturn:cold
Glass:schooner
texture:touch
must:have to
convenient:fitting
quaint:extraordinary
unfathomable:impenetrable
munificent:magnanimous
grating:annoying
twirl:revolution
measurable:considerable
grit:fortitude
pure:untainted
hatefulness:awfulness
fallout:have a disagreement
caging:custody
melange:mixture
authority:say-so
renown:popularity
strapping:beefy
unexceptional:indifferent
figure:think
threat:menace
sharing:division
suffused:submersed
backyard:garden
cynicism:doubt
sway:wave
Land:obtain
alive:active
communication:letter
fan:foment
supremacy:rule
neglectful:negligent
granule:pellet
race:take part
reportedly:allegedly
allowed:permissible
liniment:gel
temptingly:attractively
magnetism:allure
carefully:vigilantly
desire:ask
unquestionably:incontrovertibly
spoiled:disfigured
personify:bring to life
jounce:jar
deferment:adjournment
bug:tap
discourage:put a damper on things
resentful:aggrieved
reopen:renew
hieroglyphic:pictograph
invigorate:energize
infuse:impart
fierceness:ferocity
scavenger:hunter
impersonation:impression
edited:shortened
gritty:courageous
lesion:graze
ordinary:mundane
thing's:effects
holding's:property
sulk:mope
adolescent:juvenile
bushy:healthy
alleviation:easing
leasing:hire
theoretical:hypothetical
sadly:unluckily
solidarity:team spirit
strong:sharp
scrub:shrubs
big:sizeable
selection:range
action:fighting
desirability:appropriateness
surmise:suppose
bubbles:froth
journalist's:the media
hide:fleece
flagrantly:blatantly
director:boss
artistically:imaginatively
impatiently:with annoyance
inside's:entrails
learned:cultured
label:categorize
strife:dissension
annoying:infuriating
shoot:develop
weathered:eroded
ax:cut
afterglow:serenity
Land:land-dwelling
innate:inherent
fearsome:alarming
outfox:outmaneuver
fulfill:accomplish
area:region
dent:hollow
moldiness:mustiness
acrid:sharp
suffer:be ill with
embark:go on board
laypeople:common people
tenderness:kindheartedness
unerring:positive
goo:glop
out:pass?
vilifying:slanderous
vocals:lyrics
debasement:dishonor
powerfully:strongly
germicide:purifier
box:package
system:procedure
commandeering:removal
conclusion:closing stages
unconventional:unusual
flake:deteriorate
well:so
carried:approved
maul:paw
stand:locate
receptiveness:openness
inflection:intonation
delivery:supply
gymnastics:calisthenics
acutely:highly
deface:vandalize
archness:haughtiness
desegregate:unite
salted:saline
stride:step
sew:baste
arterial:major
incontrovertible:unquestionable
dignified:imposing
chattels:belongings
gun's:weaponry
agree:be in agreement
rigor:care
Noble:courtier
dubiousness:vagueness
command:instruction
inattention:daydreaming
graciously:politely
waywardly:badly
accountability:liability
ladle:dipper
dissuade:deter
twinkle:glow
salacious:spicy
reply:reaction
Max:be very successful
tow:lug
steal:slink
gunpowder:fine particles
bloom:discoloration
organically:biologically
heedless:rash
accordingly:hence
frazzled:stressed out
sprite:gnome
hardhearted:unsympathetic
antagonism:ill will
drop:decline
reinforced:toughened
primitively:simply
storage:cargo space
muster:gathering
unattached:uncommitted
stickup:raid
ecstasy:joy
tether:secure
hypocritically:untruthfully
churn:toss
abstruse:highbrow
amass:accrue
riotous:uncontrolled
engulf:surround
institution:establishment
inexpensively:cheaply
dubious:untrustworthy
bawl:holler
path:corridor
enduring:continuing
pacific:tranquil
march:stalk
utilize:consume
tuition:coaching
thought:opinion
strong:well-built
narcotic:sedative
joist:roof joist
dissatisfied:disappointed
woody:forested
Wood:covert
deliciousness:tastiness
harmoniously:cordially
homesick:wistful
forged:sham
overhaul:repair
tiredness:exhaustion
contributions:donations
bleakness:dejection
trace:residue
detracting:scornful
qualm:remorse
rumba:jazz
scale's:balance
steal:slip
derisive:disdainful
bastion:fortress
transport:transportation
concoct:cook up
orchestrate:organize
snaking:meandering
Clement:gentle
incompatibly:contradictorily
lusciously:deliciously
unsteady:uneven
unrelentingly:insistently
admonitory:deterrent
disperse:disband
core:main
upset:distress
King:ruler
attack:harass
ultimate:eventual
Post:declare
insolently:rudely
steadiness:stability
inferno:fire
suffocate:throttle
blunder:gaffe
vengeful:merciless
arrange:position
accomplishment's:actions
thinness:fineness
extinguish:outshine
intelligible:understandable
cutoff:bring to a halt
hand:employee
note:commentary
harebrained:nutty
rise:incline
blessedness:inviolability
invisibly:indiscernibly
gain:grow
expecting:expectant
considerable:substantial
captivity:detention
shortly:abruptly
weave:concoct
procure:secure
disperse:separate
remorseless:unyielding
fumble:mishandle
uncertain:in doubt
momentary:fleeting
evacuate:withdraw from
bravo:good for you
crane:winch
suggestion:idea
disconcerted:flustered
canopy:crown
whine:bellyache
momentary:quick
inland:interior
mendacious:misleading
temperance:control
basis:core
negation:denial
assay:evaluate
deified:sacred
ossify:become inflexible
credulous:gullible
Dodge:elude
choice:wealth
taught:educated
circle:fly in a circle
filling:satisfying
retard:delay
rediscover:relive
similes:metaphors
arrangements:preparations
cajole:wheedle
underpin:add force to
weakened:undermined
meaningless:worthless
despairing:desolate
scratchy:abrasive
Dusty:filthy
signpost:flag
carefully:delicately
tussle:fight
mind:tend
misanthropist:disparager
spice:spice up
thirsty:voracious
abounding:rich
outdo:outshine
penchant:partiality
veiled:oblique
retell:go over
symbol:emblem
consecration:dedication
scrumptious:lip smacking
homemade:household
deformity:distortion
pastiche:lampoon
bus:means of transportation
breaker:roller
meticulously:exactly
spreadsheet:database
recognition:credit
treatment:conduct
hug:hold close
fulfill:discharge
debate:discussion
prestige:stature
regimented:restricted
vocalize:repeat
gaze:gape
Junior:subordinate
liberation:deliverance
swindler:charlatan
miniature:little
keeping:charge
sufferer's:victims
cessation:close
comment's:clarification
forward:cheeky
somehow:one way or another
encapsulate:sum up
forces:military
widen:amplify
Wash:bear
miscarry:go wrong
laden:loaded
graphic:leaving nothing to the imagination
aid:help
Set:settle on
White:pasty
scenic:attractive
nightie:pajamas
drowse:slumber
printed:written
capacity:facility
straight:organized
microorganism's:bacteria
perspiring:damp
detail:conscript
kindhearted:compassionate
ache:stomach-ache
brute:animal
truthfulness:accuracy
remark:mention
ring:loop
smarten:beautify
hope:anticipation
ardent:devoted
matter:concern
annoyed:incensed
lateness:delay
unappealing:unattractive
ignorantly:boorishly
squander:lavish
dictation:transcript
faltering:uncertain
binding:fastening
astoundingly:resplendently
caucus:group
aristocratic:noble
apologetic:rueful
stab:thrust
sharp:clear-cut
perceptibly:detectably
comb:disentangle
drawn:tense
nursery:playgroup
uplift:boost
window:transom
unplanned:by accident
watchfully:vigilantly
correctly:fittingly
arrant:total
troublesome:trying
steely:unwavering
uncovered:open
national:general
fan:fanatic
penchant:proclivity
enthrone:be consecrated
try:attempt
smother:choke
backpedal:go back on your word
writing:text
support:bolster
foothill:butte
amusing:funny
largely:by and large
warm:melt
adulthood:old age
anodyne:inoffensive
commission:assignment
devoted:fanatical
inclined:of a mind
abdicate:step down from
strong:fierce
cover:encompass
doodle:sketch
clairvoyant:psychic
indigestible:impenetrable
stump:puzzle
comportment:manner
knock:condemn
displeasing:hurtful
catnap:snooze
heavy:driving
before:more willingly than
gregarious:social
confrontational:stimulating
miscalculate:misconstrue
tart:bitter
Leninism:Maoism
security:collateral
Frost:coolness
donor:giver
sheathing:jacket
kindly:considerately
tidbit:crumb
unfulfilled:disappointed
newscast:news update
swiftly:on the double
redeemable:usable
in:popular
quiet:stillness
shameless:unabashed
alarmist:exaggerated
nuzzle:snuggle
pretense:deception
worse:poorer
war:feud
tangy:tasty
obligated:duty-bound
excessive:unwarranted
chilly:formal
absconding:AWOL
remove:take away
elevation:height
deformation:warp
tepid:apathetic
speed:race
indisposition:condition
hard:brutally
escort:guide
irredeemable:incurable
tardy:slow
private:not public
pull:jerk
either:what's more
spatter:spray
imprints:stream
highfalutin:high-flown
hence:from this time
hate:odium
moody:irritable
infamy:fame
stingy:mean
apartment:apartment building
excessive:undue
tangled:intricate
professionally:proficiently
hereditary:innate
mark:blot
Lot:fortune
thumping:whipping
unresolved:uncertain
tape:video
unproved:original
oafish:crude
quaint:bizarre
untiringly:determinedly
crankiness:oddness
carelessly:in a slapdash fashion
spring:spiral
unpreventable:inexorable
contract:shrivel
missing:absent
individual:original
aural:acoustic
spirited:determined
glibness:persuasiveness
enact:endorse
tango:foxtrot
subcontract:farm out
spay:neuter
bar:lock
astrologer:mystic
Mill:grate
thoughtful:helpful
carelessness:heedlessness
graze:scuff mark
escalate:rocket
bayonet:skewer
Rep:agent
waterlogged:sodden
wall:mass
duty:job
interlace:interconnect
dearth:scarcity
vibrant:vital
oversize:huge
aeration:airing
annotation:footnote
lumber:land
bloodsucker:vampire
commission:responsibility
barometer:guide
story:lie
rob:stick up
pooled:shared
fittingly:properly
jog:shake
reorganization:shake-up
momentary:passing
wear:show off
verve:dash
Swift:instant
pompousness:spectacle
latecomer:late arrival
cruelly:harshly
literature:text
turmoil:instability
react:counter
runway:landing strip
commonly:generally
relish:appreciate
lose:drop
evoke:inducing
aggressively:uncompromisingly
animate:stir
excitable:volatile
Lot:quantity
repulse:deter
aftertaste:hint
traitor:turncoat
private:restricted
reincarnate:rejuvenate
scrimmage:dispute
crave:hunger after
vulgarly:crudely
flap:wave
captivation:concentration
impression:mark
patronize:talk down to
mechanism:machine
drills:maneuvers
estrangement:drifting apart
impart:inform
contrite:apologetic
camouflaged:secret
immediately:at once
particular:finicky
swindling:cheating
offered:on hand
setup:net
flutter:waver
lawlessness:anarchy
knothole:eyehole
contact:commerce
aggression:injury
understaffed:shorthanded
gymnasium:exercise room
contract:reduce
hold:carry on
fail:not make the grade
tangled:knotty
spaciousness:roominess
airtight:sound
slaughter:kill
absence:nonappearance
menace:nuisance
gripping:transfixing
joy:thrill
go:go off
strike:clobber
gore:stab
project:propel
trader:broker
burliness:heftiness
sappy:silly
treatment:healing
guide:show
estimate:quote
avalanche:inundation
unfeeling:cold
give:give out
tuft:clump
streamline:simplify
shadows:gloom
drollness:farce
furthest:extreme
poor:deficient
sundown:end of the day
holdup:rob
listing's:program
quad:open space
closing:final
shiver:quiver
woolly:hazy
dillydallying:dawdling
grudge:ill will
bedclothes:sheet
perfumed:aromatic
egotism:lack of consideration for others
cooperative:organization
guarantee:security
unexceptional:modest
hint:whiff
procreate:produce
dispatch:mail
alarm:dread
As:in the role of
finale:closing moments
serene:laid-back
defraud:cheat
quality:condition
arouse:provoke
celebrant:pastor
Park:playing field
clever:talented
coincidental:accidental
live:be alive
plane:level surface
superior:condescending
petrified:scared stiff
pigpen:dirty dwelling
lawless:unruly
ineptness:ineffectiveness
new:innovative
overenthusiastic:keen
mainly:largely
business:affair
baseness:immorality
painful:heartbreaking
rosy:pinkish
volatility:unpredictability
restructured:reorganized
venerate:respect
miserly:miserable
checkout:have a look at
evicted:driven out
agree:be of the same mind
chronicle:diary
disarranged:mixed up
accentuate:bring out
illuminating:enlightening
meander:rove
revolutionize:alter
worksheet:spreadsheet
intersperse:spread
argument:dispute
straightforward:forthright
Born:instinctive
Sterling:exceptional
convoluted:elaborate
veil:mask
look:peep
striking:good-looking
cagey:cautious
remorse:compunction
anesthetic:local anesthetic
More's:society
swelling:distension
jeer:curl your lip
depleted:worn-out
dub:name
piercing:stabbing
care:nursing
prefabricate:assemble
chilly:nippy
hotly:intensely
warm:welcoming
protean:adjustable
sourness:acidity
closed:stopped
walk:amble
magnanimously:generously
blandness:weakness
tantrum:paroxysm
flash:instant
name:middle name
troublesome:upsetting
status:importance
less:fewer
unsparing:generous
cooperative:collective
chewy:fibrous
unintended:inadvertent
slipshod:shoddy
extreme:farthest
rain:come down
half:partially
scrutiny:search
bad:inferior
rebut:confute
harshly:strictly
butt:push
individualistic:personal
powdery:dusty
brusque:gruff
irreverently:impudently
chug:guzzle
nudge:elbow
frighteningly:awfully
mischievous:playful
bombshell:surprise
skittish:wary
holler:call
blowup:rage
immovably:inflexibly
beleaguer:worry
tatty:ragged
behind:in the rear
diminishing:withdrawing
indict:haul up
conversational:informal
debauchery:decadence
choreography:stage management
extinct:wiped out
fathom:comprehend
august:grand
studiously:diligently
around:approximately
firecracker:firework
sallow:yellow
agonize:suffer
sweetly:pleasantly
avert:stop happening
pert:chirpy
giddy:scatty
disobedience:defiance
dependability:fidelity
raw:tender
schoolteacher:governess
scheming:conniving
redemption:deliverance
agitate:advocate
wield:carry
disturbing:upsetting
homegrown:home-made
descendant:progeny
glinting:glassy
feint:stratagem
queasy:dubious
carelessness:imprudence
overreact:dramatize
defensive:protective
tramp:schlep
rule's:system
trouble:interrupt
richness:fullness
cop:steal
grandly:extravagantly
majestic:royal
tremble:quiver
hardheaded:practical
random:unsystematic
tax:present
lie:untruth
honor:admiration
increasing:greater than ever
knot:lump
loss:debit
inapplicable:not fitting
ragged:worn to shreds
filling:stodgy
minuscule:miniature
society:the public
hack:cut
epidemic:scourge
phone:cell phone
nakedly:obviously
harshly:abrasively
high:piercing
doting:loving
bunged:closed
hate:hatred
revoke:retract
besotted:head over heels in love
inhalation:gasp
inadequate:not enough
salutary:productive
carelessly:forgetfully
wearying:wearing
bill:measure
overturn:topple
touchdown:land
commodities:merchandise
magnetism:charisma
commendably:worthily
cheekily:audaciously
contribute:add
avoidable:needless
King:queen
brassy:presumptuous
abashed:mortified
puff:gasp
budget:plan
streak:rush
tell:disclose
inkling:notion
costing:quotation
improper:out of place
carry:bring
come:fall
award:gift
abashed:dismayed
stones:pebbles
abiding:surviving
loaf:lie around
ensemble:together
desirable:considered necessary
rudiment's:fundamentals
outstandingly:marvelously
Case:court case
hot:boiling
sparkle:energy
ahead:early
allied:joined
claim:contention
tapestry:drapery
current:present
walkout:storm out
bickering:internal strife
few:a small amount of
unfeasible:unachievable
commerce:import
regress:revert
amicable:agreeable
prim:proper
plea:explanation
logical:consistent
mawkish:mushy
scrap:leftover
morass:mire
ragged:shabby
Lot:delivery
collectivism:Marxism
appetite:keenness
prefecture:territory
macerate:grind
hearty:nourishing
holdup:stoppage
deplete:use up
scale:level
knowable:unavoidable
customer's:regulars
exile:?migr?
nightgown:pajamas
fund:stock
ascetic:austere
forfeit:surrender
enveloping:insidious
between:linking
visit:go to see
costing:figure
organized:orderly
placard:advertisement
careful:gentle
parry:ward off
curving:twist
dawdler:lazybones
transcendent:moving
squirt:squeeze
Crystal:gem
supremacy:reign
Maoism:collectivism
Rich:splendid
Job:situation
continue:resume
retreat:leave
valorous:courageous
grudge:begrudge
eye:stare at
anonymous:unknown
mummify:embalm
coop:hut
grand:revered
peal:din
brashness:forcefulness
dispirited:crestfallen
perverseness:awkwardness
disaster:tragedy
unvarnished:factual
pane:sheet
fortune:affluence
phenomenon:bright star
rule:charge
inadequate:poor
mindful:aware
legroom:liberty
salient:prominent
Concord:unity
turn:shot
Wolf:gobble
Love:passion
writer:journalist
stakeout:keep under surveillance
mutineer:rebel
negative:unenthusiastic
chrysalis:pupa
voguish:fashionable
discreetly:unnoticeably
stay:inhabit
created:fashioned
labor's:pains
peddle:advocate
parcel:box
stridently:loudly
rampage:run riot
canon:roll
standing:established
congruent:harmonious
assembly:building
shape:model
pigeonhole:shelf
pert:impertinent
fix:massage
vent:give vent to
recompense:reward
abruptly:hurriedly
crusty:cantankerous
shiver:quiver
trick:prank
iniquitous:unjust
bungled:messed up
foxy:shrewd
customer's:trade
meticulous:fussy
contrast:diverge
retrospection:perception
thud:clunk
vocalization's:dialogue
invoice:demand payment from
effort:sweat
mistily:dimly
neglectfully:thoughtlessly
reading:interpretation
debris:fragments
I'll:hard
roguish:impish
LP:single
equable:levelheaded
perfect:exact
unsuitably:incongruously
penitence:apology
sound:good
exclusivity:rareness
lavish:copious
announcer:anchor
cosmopolitan:broad-based
offered:accessible
undergraduate:learner
astoundingly:stupendously
freshness:crispness
brushing:blow-dry
resoundingly:dully
wisp:curl
gape:part
follow:survey
ecstatic:delighted
baptism:induction
grubbiness:griminess
forthrightly:outspokenly
charitably:kindly
repel:keep away
stroller:baby carriage
Be:be present
shriveled:withered
More's:civilization
underneath:bottom
directly:unswervingly
eject:cast out
rearmost:final
shooter:cannon
hemorrhage:pour out
attack:argue with
rapidly:swiftly
call:arrange
water:dampen
instability:volatility
misstep:lapse
perish:die
close:sultry
Lance:puncture
aching:pining
irregular:intermittent
hilariously:side-splittingly
faith:loyalty
classes:program
skimpy:inadequate
stand:rostrum
rethink:alter
conveying:handing over
hollowness:empty space
enter:come in
TV:box
discourse:treatise
hangings:drapery
Independence:self-reliance
spearhead:front
incisor:pointed tooth
close:be over
thrown:fearful
slander:disparage
decayed:rotting
Nice:careful
describe:tell
team:group
frenetic:frantic
clowning:tomfoolery
frigid:distant
essentially:in the main
being:mortal
solemn:firm
inedible:indigestible
chassis:armature
thinking:opinion
location:setting
deprave:ruin
fiscal:monetary
fixative:adhesive
vital:fundamental
recommend:commend
impassioned:passionate
bellyache:carp
insipid:characterless
denounce:deprecate
unpaid:voluntary
manacle:chain
down:defeat
festering:decomposed
report:bang
magistrates:bench
pocketknife:penknife
tragically:dreadfully
untangle:straighten out
blurred:indistinct
nullify:cancel out
lopsidedness:asymmetry
asleep:napping
twig:discern
cataract:flume
revitalizing:restorative
reverberation:noise
largely:on the whole
throttle:stifle
loopy:silly
divinity:religion
wanton:immodest
gleam:glisten
inelegance:clumsiness
trip:stumble
real:actual
unreasonable:extreme
pertness:insolence
fray:unravel
quash:crush
creepy:frightening
drolly:comically
unvarnished:undistorted
invalid:null
charged:electric
prank's:trouble
bloat:swell
stick:deposit
soft:pliable
candidacy:application
new:fresh
airliner:plane
pass:go
slog:grind
when:as soon as
stoical:resigned
garishly:loudly
loyalty:steadfastness
rein's:wheel
approachable:sociable
rumbling:low
way:feature
snobby:superior
loss:thrashing
finding:discovery
view:watch
membership:attachment
Gray:overcast
game:tough
queasiness:vomiting
terrace:veranda
pigheaded:mulish
antagonism:hostility
benevolent:generous
typeface:font
physician:general practitioner
disarrangement:muddled state
architect:originator
lessened:tapering
sour:resentful
analytic:rational
redundant:uncalled-for
hoard:heap
perfect:spot on
hallucinating:hectic
embossing:decoration
begin:make a start
conscientious:thorough
apprehensively:uneasily
soak:douse
concoct:devise
forsaking:neglect
poor:impoverished
Chance:venture
showing:screening
artfulness:slyness
modifiable:flexible
getaway:holiday destination
injection:infusion
countenance:put up with
uneasiness:apprehension
radiate:glow with
papery:dry
resilient:resistant
fanciful:unlikely
unconcern:nonchalance
irrelevantly:immaterially
junta:government by the army
illuminate:elucidate
moistness:humidity
intend:expect
whimper:cry
overfull:swarming
quality:value
concerted:collaborative
perfectly:completely
recant:renounce
spurt:hurry
equally:by the same token
compellingly:eloquently
take:deduce
contrary:converse
wide:widespread
cynically:sarcastically
captive:spellbound
incompletely:moderately
congregate:flock
hobble:hop
hoard:collect
colors:insignia
decomposed:rotting
diacritic:cedilla
liberation:release
balustrade:rail
independent:private
pulverize:hammer
discourteously:loutishly
soulless:characterless
zipper:closure
negated:annulled
central:most important
posit:hypothesize
amnesia:forgetfulness
sadism:aggression
doubter:doubting Thomas
departed:deceased
lexicon:glossary
vivacity:animation
congeal:gel
unhurried:thorough
have:give
surprise:bolt from the blue
skunk:rat
around:close to
traipse:plod
strike:come into contact with
net:earn
rake:rake up
unprintable:rude
whack:thwack
mute:voiceless
dignitary:personage
turncoat:double agent
holding's:worth
facet:feature
suds:foam
mingle:come together
delete:score through
majority:preponderance
fetters:irons
top:uppermost
cemented:tiled
denigrating:full of yourself
knock:bash
hanger:peg
harmful:damaging
altering:changing
stony:gritty
Land:kingdom
splintering:crack
unknowingly:mistakenly
force:power
patronizingly:condescendingly
proviso:but
shopkeeper:retailer
talkative:chatty
composition:masterpiece
perform:function
moodiness:irritability
successful:thriving
as:because
jangle:clatter
writhe:thrash
acclamation:approval
uneconomic:unprofitable
disbarment:dismissal
sultry:sticky
festooned:bejeweled
insensate:lacking feeling
showboat:attract attention
unfeigned:genuine
confirm:make firmer
statistics:info
caricature:distortion
joined:coupled
infancy:early years
emotive:sensitive
agreeable:pleasant
blend:combination
weight:importance
educational:enlightening
annulment:cancellation
butchery:slaughter
shamefaced:awkward
imperil:hazard
Set:harden
profusion:cornucopia
region:zone
grouchiness:moroseness
meticulously:in detail
faultlessly:blamelessly
intensification:amplification
prying:snooping
on:taking place
reappear:re-emerge
dagger:stiletto
Wood:firewood
irregularity:wrongdoing
reflexive:knee-jerk
tearful:sobbing
dislodge:free
bastion:mainstay
grandly:splendidly
familiar:proverbial
ahead:to the fore
miscellany:medley
mountainous:high
streamer's:flags
grieve:sadden
shiftiness:suspiciousness
hatchet:split
affairs:contact
enough:an adequate amount
gibbet:scaffold
ready:prime
desegregation:reconciliation
gritty:realistic
fraternize:associate
forward:bold
disallow:veto
tatty:shabby
recalcitrant:noncompliant
myself:in my opinion
tresses:locks
being:individual
hurdler:steeplechaser
ultimatum:provocation
righteous:decent
swell:surge
excruciating:piercing
host:mass
nice:fine
divan:settee
censure:scorn
boob:foul up
dismount:get off
utterance:remark
screwy:nuts
luminously:vividly
painful:sorrowful
athlete:sportsperson
firstly:to begin with
bear:carry
preempt:anticipate
precise:fixed
tactlessly:brusquely
soar:ascend
vagueness:imprecision
dumpy:squat
deluge:inundate
exercise:keep fit
undemonstrative:apathetic
sign:autograph
agnostic:nonbeliever
subdue:mollify
precipitate:hasten
agilely:neatly
originally:firstly
vigor:heartiness
immediately:as soon as
recovering:improving
pivot:hinge
kismet:lot
desegregate:reunite
digit:numeral
plumpness:chubbiness
string:chain
adequacy:capability
file:gather in a line
knit:mend
Charity:benevolence
approving:positive
cranky:cantankerous
At:on
diversify:broaden your horizons
aficionado:fan
very:vastly
windup:finish
feline:subtle
count:count up
impartial:unprejudiced
increased:enlarged
woven:rush
temerity:gall
prologue:introduction
encounter:bump into
chic:fashion sense
Tad:morsel
tablet:pill
assassination:murder
schism:rupture
grating:exasperating
victorious:triumphant
belongings:stuff
affect:have emotional impact
unbound:emancipated
shrug:wave
end:put a stop to
songster:vocalist
test:experiment
wan:ashy
tempest:blizzard
produce:engender
mien:look
pile:big money
chorale:singing group
hop:shindig
touchingly:movingly
over:more than
device's:diplomacy
moldering:decomposing
irascible:hot-tempered
peek:peep
obdurately:obstinately
largeness:mass
ax:give the chop
sift:examine
liveliness:sparkle
clank:clatter
order:bid
terms:provisions
proper:genteel
myriad:innumerable
recondite:esoteric
herewith:enclosed
leave:effect
hole:void
funny:joke
cocoon:bubble
horrible:upsetting
sting:smart
bullish:optimistic
interleave:infuse
guardianship:keeping
record:history
desecrate:violate
instinctive:automatic
inseparable:in each other's pocket
ornament:decoration
soprano:high-pitched
twister:storm
sanitize:wash
uproot:evacuate
unwrap:remove
fodder:feed
increase:escalation
restfully:peacefully
underbrush:scrub
turkey:failure
bracing:stimulating
measly:miserable
input:record
apprehensive:worried
usage:habit
grilling:cross-examination
goblin:imp
fruitful:abundant
record:best
chronicle:register
austerity:rigor
care:supervision
curled:arched
begging:petitioning
sorrow:mourn
incognito:disguised
iota:scrap
unobstructed:unhindered
impart:pass on
diminish:lessen
obstinately:persistently
present:impart
brokenhearted:heartbroken
succeed:happen as expected
inefficiently:unproductively
incensed:infuriated
disconcerted:thrown off balance
prove:substantiate
person:personality
qualms:suspicions
impenetrability:incomprehensibility
spectacle:display
astonishingly:shockingly
telepathy:sixth sense
blaze:glow
visibly:perceptibly
standard:regular
wetland:marshland
meanly:spitefully
sprint:hurry
guesswork:presumption
antics:actions
agree:come to an understanding
outlive:live longer than
defenses:gun emplacements
perquisite:freebie
mordant:biting
manners:good manners
minor:junior
astonishing:surprising
highland's:high ground
disappear:withdraw
prospect:option
nip:swig
pleased:thrilled
doubly:twice as
reasonably:convincingly
undercurrent:suggestion
incurable:undying
connive:cook up
gouge:extort
sophisticated:stylish
natural:genuine
humility:humbleness
indebted:obliged
quash:suppress
improper:offensive
air:flavor
embroider:elaborate
intelligent:bright
fun:pleasure
secondary:less important
flowerbed:border
camouflaged:masked
straightforward:up-front
report:state
wetland:fenland
chide:reproach
control:keep in check
deprecation:scorn
signs:cryptogram
appreciative:thankful
concerted:mutual
antagonize:upset
turnout:come about
connubial:conjugal
save:bar
wronged:ill-treated
stream:rivulet
permanence:durability
transfer:convey
vertigo:giddiness
dawdling:measured
unrelentingly:remorselessly
coarsen:abrade
region:area
prevaricate:beat around the bush
indignation:resentment
input:put in
land's:domain
metallic:ringing
decorum:good behavior
handbag:pocketbook
deploy:arrange
surrogate:substitute
ascent:incline
developing:increasing
place's:spaces
bodily:corporal
misunderstand:get the wrong end of the stick
strange:weird
arriving:inward
derived:consequential
earrings:studs
Crux:heart
inventory:range
unqualified:out-and-out
trashed:messy
middling:okay
sexism:prejudice
comportment:demeanor
cut:cut back
action:skirmish
monstrous:atrocious
ruthlessly:unfeelingly
gravelly:gruff
acerbic:cutting
panicky:fearful
Royal:imperial
expediency:practicality
inquisitively:inquiringly
gummy:covered with goo
bemused:confused
ransom:payment
blend:intermingling
whine:gripe
now:right away
uselessness:hopelessness
acrobat:tumbler
extended:total
basting:tapestry
viscosity:tackiness
flunky:instrument
meagerly:miserably
rubdown:manipulation
pounding:hammering
progeny:descendants
nauseous:woozy
modestly:unassumingly
pertain:be appropriate
ravenous:greedy
compassionately:empathetically
order:arrange
cocoon:layer
penurious:poor
honk:toot
irrationally:absurdly
checking:examination
unperturbed:untroubled
buckle:clasp
castigation:reprimand
annoyed:exasperated
footprint:marks
temperament:spirit
nonchalantly:dispassionately
unimpressed:blas?
joke:practical joke
halfway:central
aristocratic:well-bred
mumbled:incomprehensible
prickly:stinging
underdog:small fry
gawkiness:awkwardness
shunt:push
barrage:bank
deport:transport
position:pose
pocketbook:purse
directed:going to
mitigating:explanatory
voraciously:hungrily
load:pile
modify:play down
academy:arts school
unfairness:injury
knock:bump
Cancer:tumor
bankroll:sponsor
line:ideology
graciousness:benevolence
surreptitious:covert
blight:stain
assembly:get-together
Snow:flurry
illicit:illegal
unsettle:make anxious
unbeaten:winning
install:establish
comical:hilarious
totter:falter
olive:lime
examine:investigate
incommensurate:out of line
nervy:panicky
weedy:pathetic
keyhole:spy-hole
vibrant:energetic
fragrance:heady scent
shiftiness:crookedness
acquiescent:submissive
brashness:brazenness
chapter:stage
fragrance:scent
counterattack:defense
fundamentals:brass tacks
peak:height
firmness:hardness
thoughtful:meditative
geologically:purely
mesh:fit together
together:composed
willing:disposed
swag:booty
imperceptible:light
go:make for
logic:reason
ostracize:snub
hoarse:raucous
strained:artificial
immunize:vaccinate
plentiful:profuse
fetid:foul
matchless:perfect
poignant:heartbreaking
fineness:daintiness
minimal:negligible
visit:go to
set:collection
unhappiness:despair
fortification's:walls
solidify:set
unrehearsed:off the cuff
involve:get somebody mixed up
doubt:uncertainty
college:university
misused:changed
veto:proscription
preamble:foreword
afraid:terrified
debase:degrade
generously:openhandedly
Carrier:delivery service
parallel:resemblance
chirp:tweet
situation:site
indelicate:out of place
palpitation:shiver
pestle:rod
budding:potential
expressly:deliberately
abashed:embarrassed
luminously:glowingly
quite:moderately
very:exceedingly
spice:a little something
meanness:heartlessness
unrehearsed:improvised
origin's:origin
office:workplace
serve:hand round
prevailing:fundamental
coda:stop press
stop:hinder
flagrant:blatant
Hill:rise
sophistication:refinement
reimburse:give money back
unmatched:beyond compare
pomposity:grandiosity
combatant:opponent
command:understanding
jettison:get rid of
festoon:hang
authenticated:valid
undiluted:straight
dignitary:VIP
flattening:devastation
rudder:helm
regress:relapse
blistered:scorched
meld:bond
aura:atmosphere
specifics:information
disturb:upset
pompously:splendidly
increased:augmented
vividness:intensity
unnerve:discourage
wickedness:badness
atypical:odd
pen:cage
Crater:cavity
mischievous:harmful
right:due
pettiness:meanness
authoritarian:repressive
susceptibility:leaning
ever:eternally
snippy:bad-tempered
ravenous:starving
carelessness:neglect
bank:level
lewdness:filthiness
lead:be in front
notch:rung
gargle:rinse your throat
dusky:dim
observe:witness
set:normal
room:scope
thwack:slap
silage:fodder
we'll:perfectly
nasty:unpleasant
bloodsucker:hanger-on
reproduce:replicate
sogginess:humidity
kingpin:top dog
quarter's:station
disordered:lawless
jejune:unsophisticated
ephemeral:fleeting
modestly:discreetly
formative:determining
undersea:sea
localize:contain
rebound:spring back
impersonator:imitator
Grant:scholarship
basically:when you come right down to it
entirely:fully
activist:radical
hesitant:tentative
legalized:permitted
heart:kindness
vast:gigantic
book:manuscript
fallaciously:unreliably
bureau:chest of drawers
emblematic:characteristic
amorphous:vague
pare:curtail
pluck:guts
test:analysis
intemperate:hot-headed
bedraggled:scruffy
outpouring:flood
lot:bunch
store's:supplies
tangle:web
closed:blocked
high:soprano
inviting:engaging
dunk:dip
grimness:distastefulness
recondite:obscure
pronged:divided
pensively:broodingly
benefit:profit
preparation's:measures
fancy:be inclined to
hijack:capture
colorless:monotonous
bound:assured
ballast:weight
thought:brain wave
veal:white meat
experience:event
divan:couch
proxy:surrogate
drably:miserably
awfulness:horridness
buckshot:slug
direct:exact
dimly:indistinctly
hoist:winch
mucky:tarnished
correctly:properly
wardrobe:clothing
pebble:small rock
recuperative:recovery
spark:inspire
transfigure:reform
falter:wane
persevering:firm
renaissance:recovery
V's:against
seeming:apparent
cloister's:covered passage
register:record
interdict:sanction
paucity:rareness
hangar:store
hang:dangle
unit:organization
make:manage
abuse:exploitation
primary:major
fittings:fixtures
forename:Christian name
ardently:fervently
amicability:sociability
turnout:produce
help:ameliorate
influentially:convincingly
view:look over
impolitic:ill-advised
connected:allied
gap:ravine
pushing:approaching
otherworldly:ethereal
manager:director
gutsy:courageous
conforming:compliant
canker:malignancy
overemphasize:go over the top about
stopped:congested
troublesome:bothersome
mistreated:maltreated
frisk:body search
floral:flowery
mirthful:joyful
riotous:lawless
crumpled:lined
awakening:development
fetid:squalid
habitation:territory
cataclysmic:calamitous
jogger:runner
crankiness:bad temper
board:slat
answer:fulfil
muse:consider
pettiness:parsimoniousness
office:organization
vary:alter
imprint:fix
ebullient:fun
follow:grasp
absence:lack
ravenous:predatory
nonjudgmental:tolerant
fearfulness:dread
appease:pacify
powdered:minced
hurtful:insensitive
putrid:decayed
delinquent:wrong
abstinence:moderation
lavish:plentiful
apparently:in fact
circumflex:diacritic
final:ending
trashy:shabby
lash:fix
individual:peculiar
lavish:copious
down:bring down
Job:activity
spear:lance
astuteness:smartness
brief:succinct
rush:stream
spirited:lively
affiliated:united
resilience:spirit
closely:narrowly
email:transmit
trick:swindle
huddle:gather together
cozy:comfy
sorrowfully:sadly
cheerlessness:dismalness
tranquil:composed
exalted:glorious
abuse:foul language
scolding:reproach
Huff:mood
physical:real
transgress:contravene
association:connection
affinity:empathy
paradoxically:surprisingly
even:unvarying
Rich:resonant
fruitless:unproductive
mini:minute
choice:pick
penalizing:imprisoning
decision:certitude
executor:architect
edict:law
unveil:make public
repute:name
ascribed:official
spell:denote
hereditary:transmissible
loss:pasting
groovy:marvelous
flavor:give flavor to
Hallmark:assurance
neighborly:considerate
unhappily:gloomily
Nice:polite
rather:significantly
bury:submerge
receptivity:receptiveness
Job:chore
someone:a big name
wearing:got up in
cleanness:order
magic:famous
brunette:brown
interconnected:organized
farsightedness:imagination
site:place
gaze:gawk
ill:poorly
embittered:poisoned
agonized:grief-stricken
skeptic:cynic
mind:mentality
forward:familiar
footprint:trail
lynch:kill
risk:venture
admiring:appreciative
expandable:supple
pick:collect
find:discover
benefits:settlement
rapturous:joyful
chill:cool
pigeonhole:sort out
nimbus:radiance
frivolity:laughing and joking
fry:fry up
brawl:scuffle
appropriation:misappropriation
foist:finagle
Guy:chap
collect:stockpile
grille:fencing
unwind:let everything go
descent:ancestry
Anchorage:port
find:hit upon
retaliatory:in reprisal
nonrepresentational:nonfigurative
metallic:tinny
meditatively:musingly
rather:preferably
clang:clink
tacit:implicit
mobilize:assemble
stump:remnant
unhappy:forlorn
intertwine:interlace
withdraw:pull out
treasured:loved
strategy:approach
cautiousness:good sense
Son:schoolboy
agitate:disturb
Punch:clout
depth's:rock bottom
dated:behind the times
loaded:leading
produce:deliver
frontage:outlook
futility:pointlessness
handy:at hand
CD:recording
perched:floating
dogmatic:inflexible
branch:twig
simmer:boil
robustly:vigorously
I'll:sick
survive:subsist
fecund:fruitful
infested:diseased
carelessness:lack of care
line:line up
rasping:rough
dreamy:preoccupied
binary:dual
individuality:individualism
unacquainted:uninformed
interpret:explain
characters:font
talk:colloquy
nervy:demoralized
heartening:elevating
pain:drag
mediocre:second-rate
halfhearted:unenthusiastic
lusty:forceful
overall:largely
reduce:lower
creak:rasp
comically:laughably
adoration:respect
musing:deliberation
ouster:coup
disbar:exclude
screwy:wacky
aquatic:marine
right:fitting
right:amend
indignation:righteous anger
Senate:legislature
gasping:thirsty
peel:shed
better:advance
avarice:materialism
disreputably:notoriously
close:shut down
armada:squadron
hock:place as collateral
fusty:antiquated
blighted:wrecked
insensible:comatose
model:mode
abuse:take advantage of
Chuck:throw out
endeavor:make an effort
unconfirmed:unendorsed
haughty:overconfident
hide:secrete
discipline:chastise
recklessly:wildly
review:appraise
colander:strainer
circle:ring
work:exertion
opulence:sumptuousness
Allie's:followers
shift:modify
hype:publicity
unutterably:indescribably
display:make an exhibition of
mantelpiece:sill
share:reveal
gratifying:enjoyable
latitude:place
willful:wanton
eclipse:obscure
everyone:everybody
thunder:rumble
rivet:weld
hoodwink:deceive
renowned:distinguished
watershed:dividing line
covenant:treaty
discouraging:daunting
sanctity:purity
pickings:loot
reflection:consideration
unrivaled:incomparable
spotty:covered with spots
importation:introduction
Sibyl:forecaster
fiery:furious
studied:calculated
deliciousness:delectableness
regulator:gauge
approach:get in touch with
credo:thinking
label:trade mark
Little:miniature
chatty:casual
place:residence
accurateness:accuracy
elliptical:oval
way:respect
disjoint:put out of joint
indulgence:lenience
maximize:make the most of
saturated:flooded
cozy:comfortable
testimony:deposition
indelicately:tactlessly
gymnasium:fitness center
unabashed:bold
battered:weather-beaten
cynicism:sarcasm
unchanging:ageless
deliberately:thoughtfully
headway:evolution
dab:small amount
trite:tired
somnolent:sleepy
bite:nip
fair:decent
uncompromising:adamant
sedate:unexciting
coming:upcoming
ignominy:discomfiture
lap:leg
ordinary:run of the mill
glimmering:spark
discreetly:subtly
mold:cast
end:top
edibles:nourishment
Midway:halfway
homework:research
hulk:skeleton
unpremeditated:unintended
class:taste
drawl:brogue
stockiness:robustness
reticent:restrained
amiss:wrong
lavishly:bountifully
austerely:ascetically
uncharacteristic:abnormal
barren:austere
clinker:ashes
beastly:vile
head:control
confirmed:inveterate
perpetually:everlastingly
dispatch:communication
level:raze
expense:deprivation
humidify:wet
blowup:bomb
recalcitrant:unmanageable
love:be partial to
unerringly:closely
daringly:heroically
spurt:jet
quarrel:row
lieutenant:double
hovel:lean-to
vulture:predator
pastime:distraction
blemish:discolor
coax:charm
Gall:audacity
central:main
indigestible:rich
heaving:full to overflowing
rental:let
tendon:muscle
brew:infusion
irritate:make smart
maximize:amplify
meager:derisory
rest:support
avail:gain
fail:be unsuccessful
analysis:psychoanalysis
top:exceed
various:different
discord:conflict
love:be in love with
understandably:justifiably
additional:supplementary
stabilize:steady
trimming's:added extras
fund:finance
imitator:copycat
monocle:bifocals
ceramic:clay
area:part
tint:hue
exodus:evacuation
rhetoric:speechifying
backing:aid
conscientiousness:carefulness
tell:enlighten
kindliness:kindness
frame:form
tacit:unspoken
stiffness:rigidity
sonata:masterpiece
cantankerously:huffily
forerunner:omen
old:not getting any younger
karma:fate
tenaciously:doggedly
hegemony:dominion
knock:clout
account:description
ring:noise
domination:power
parched:dried out
candid:truthful
unsurpassed:unmatched
unhesitatingly:promptly
collaborator:double agent
richly:well
questioningly:incredulously
hidebound:narrow-minded
footpath:boardwalk
interval:gap
fickleness:vacillation
behind:after
overturned:wrong side up
swanky:high-class
nebulous:unformulated
thump:bang
be:occur
flutter:quiver
overtly:explicitly
downer:disappointment
latterly:currently
adjudge:declare
specify:detail
bloom:be radiant
crash:crunch
insignificance:irrelevance
decency:civility
openness:honesty
pestilence:deadly disease
superintendent:examiner
inoperative:out of action
possibility:odds
loot:spoils
casualties:dead
swellheaded:boastful
draw:enticement
demonstrably:perceptibly
wild:madcap
thanksgiving:thanks
settle:become peaceful
boondocks:rough country
ride:annoy
consultative:review
meaningless:futile
value:price
provisionally:temporarily
godly:devout
repress:control
hint:indication
aristocrats:upper class
shackles:restraints
illegality:blunder
unhurried:deliberate
duty:contractual obligation
exemplar:example
take:consider
charmingly:smoothly
fruitfully:effectively
invigorate:rejuvenate
dollar:money
stronghold:monopoly
discouragingly:ominously
created:produced
reappearance:comeback
hushed:quiet
comically:ludicrously
aggrieve:distress
foal:horse
just:scarcely
blur:distort
glade:clearing
fish:search
veneer:appearance
cycle:sequence
aftereffects:repercussion
home:quarters
ache:dull pain
carelessly:haphazardly
maxim:truism
meddler:busybody
slipshod:sloppy
grumpily:crabbily
pendant:accessory
palaver:bother
liquidate:assassinate
abrasive:uncompromising
loathed:unloved
serving:quota
insupportable:intolerable
disapprovingly:reproachfully
honorable:right
battering:beating
quitter:dark horse
slip:error
tribulation's:problems
ape:reproduce
rally:pull through
flicker:waver
fraction:little
vibrant:vivacious
pleading:insistent
timely:apt
expense:amount
taxicab:minicab
angry:gnashing your teeth
thumping:thrashing
perplex:stupefy
proficiency:skill
observation's:explanation
dauntless:bold
Woods:forest
definitely:beyond doubt
profuse:bountiful
ease:lessen
wonder:incredulity
scornful:contemptuous
Sandy:dirty
distastefully:sordidly
district:neighborhood
khaki's:denims
milky:cloudy
easygoing:blas?
dismay:disappoint
government:direction
defenses:lines
use:wear and tear
occur:arise
copy:replicate
IE:that is
financier:sponsor
intercontinental:transnational
bring:create
acclaim:praise
relocate:put somewhere else
plain:natural
dell:clearing
leasing:charter
cogitation:rumination
clutter:cover
fabricate:construct
arguments:influence
breakthrough:push aside
forth:into the open
stern:uncompromising
lockup:put in prison
pictorial:clear
spurn:disdain
sapphire:navy
poor:disfavored
condolence:comfort
originally:first
firm:definite
exacting:thorough
senior:older
tumble:stumble
pigeonhole:class
see:set eyes on
vestibule:entrance hall
buffed:smooth
maxim:guideline
bullet's:shot
mixed:sundry
pied:variegated
found:start
Bloom:be radiant
tribunal:committee
ignorantly:impolitely
convenient:opportune
violet:indigo
steppe:prairie
illustrative:explicatory
swell:get bigger
mayhem:chaos
redden:inflame
Born:untaught
repel:nauseate
contribute:supply
unbeliever:agnostic
dissolve:liquefy
adjournment:deferment
whatever:at all
gamble:risk
definitive:authoritative
hallucination:fantasy
mastermind:think up
elucidate:reveal
humiliate:debase
dowse:quench
sprout:grow
direction:route
mince:crumble
faraway:remote
irk:peeve
agreement:concord
veneration:regard
congenial:affable
Tad:bit
surge:gush
profane:disrespectful
motherhood:maternity
uncharitable:hurtful
bitterly:cynically
execute:put to death
hold:have space for
ebb:go out
honk:beep
figuratively:symbolically
representation:statement
standard:prevailing
opposing:contrasting
Concord:compact
blimp:airship
secret:sly
predilection:fondness
monument:tribute
redoubtable:formidable
anarchic:disordered
manacles:handcuffs
telltale:telling
write:create
preserve:uphold
circle:set
elbow:nudge
disband:split up
marine:naval
driving:powerful
Representatives:legislative body
predictive:projecting
severe:relentless
insufficiency:shortage
chirp:sing
misinform:mislead
hoop:loop
offhandedly:heedlessly
turbulent:disorderly
cane:beat
balloon:inflate
agency:group
innocently:unknowingly
franchise:contract
oppressive:domineering
Head:command
insensible:insensate
Bill:cost
demeanor:expression
re:regarding
gangling:gawky
notch:achieve
nomad:wanderer
chatterer:tattler
materially:importantly
dawdling:deliberate
peace:calm
effusive:extroverted
crashed:stopped
effluent:waste matter
variable:inconsistent
uninhabitable:ramshackle
precluded:disallowed
Petty:little
sometimes:every now and then
excitable:edgy
pact:concord
Land:gain
suit:flatter
reminisce:hark back to
vocals:singing part
literature:journalism
pertinacious:persistent
wellspring:fountain
zest:spice
depart:proceed
sickly:ill
carryout:perform
bystander:onlooker
sheepish:ashamed
flippant:superficial
quash:overturn
overwork:work too hard
fastener:hook and eye
juicer:food processor
forward:onward
sprain:turn
frostily:icily
falsely:untruthfully
browbeat:cudgel
rustle:crunch
wristwatch:pocket watch
rise:increase
design:shape
block:prevent
pounce:spring
pain:pest
jackknife:penknife
requisition:request
gain:collect
act:statute
pandemic:virus
swarm:multitude
stalk:branch
support:provide for
poise:self-possession
fill:fill up
insolence:audacity
see:perceive
rid:relieve
publicly:in public
instep:in line
catch:surprise
setback:holdup
Stout:heavy
appear:show
junk:chuck out
stop:break off
immutable:absolute
terrific:huge
delinquent:felonious
pip:pit
handsome:liberal
uneducated:inexperienced
sponsorship:support
misjudge:overestimate
scornful:derisive
secluded:out-of-the-way
rampage:go wild
repercussion:consequence
nauseate:sicken
wrathful:furious
no:thumbs down
unkempt:rumpled
eradicate:stamp out
cheapness:poor quality
monumental:epic
coolness:self-reliance
shredded:worn
primate:monkey
responsibility:reliability
dapper:trim
supportable:endurable
disputed:uncertain
dogfight:clash
only:just
agitate:campaign
ruffle:upset
sweeten:better
dishonesty:trickery
supply:distribute
form:outward appearance
arbitration:adjudication
ledge:protuberance
existence:way of life
campground:camp
outclass:surpass
sideboard:cabinet
mixer:food-mixer
indulgence:pleasure
fondle:touch
panting:wheezing
ingenuity:cleverness
adolescents:teenagers
substratum:bedrock
improper:crooked
reunite:join up
gargle:rinse your mouth
falsely:wrongly
ragged:jagged
unhinge:drive insane
ultimate:best
lurch:totter
posit:conceive
terrestrial:earthly
abuse:treat badly
blistering:searing
laceration:slit
print:turn out
anyplace:someplace
waste:throw away
wart:mole
fortification's:protection
regulation:guideline
fearlessness:valor
kid:poke fun at
compliance:submission
gone:not here
sure:indubitable
phony:pretender
own:acknowledge
den:office
obedient:deferential
harmful:destructive
smooth:silver-tongued
code:convention
demonstrable:provable
sheet:piece
doddering:foolish
inflection:variation
enthrall:beguile
damage:destruction
discernment:taste
variety:multiplicity
grate:file
feedback:opinion
dancer:musician
blank:unmitigated
lure:bait
carefully:sensibly
protection:safeguard
fund's:money
worthy:praiseworthy
truce:peace
safely:in one piece
realization:carrying out
suburb's:bounds
sinning:immoral
Singer's:children's choir
indiscriminate:random
clumsiness:inelegance
windup:wrap up
preoccupy:fixate
Set:gel
he'll:a nightmare
trouble:worry
scheme:plan
revere:hold in the highest regard
keen:sharp-edged
appendage:addition
betting:having a bet
filch:lift
waterside:water's edge
omnibus:edition
conclusion:winding up
paternal:affectionate
chance:gamble
meandering:indirect
tyrannize:persecute
reputable:respectable
striped:with stripes
trouble:unrest
veiled:indirect
mountaintop:mountain
going:available
artist:performer
start:twitch
solicitous:worried
feted:illustrious
incensed:irate
hollowness:emptiness
meanly:despicably
regroup:reorganize
alarm:warning
stuff:things
yacht:cruiser
deprivation:deficiency
small:tiny
posturing:bravado
discontentment:discontent
accrue:amass
mold:sculpt
deepen:extend
biting:satirical
solicitous:attentive
Key:explanation
didactic:teaching
vulgar:tasteless
chair's:places
heavyweight:heavy-duty
rationalize:diminish
present:grant
appetite:passion
wrong:immoral
signpost:signboard
outlet:retailer
affidavit:affirmation
embarrassingly:unsatisfactorily
poor:deprived
darkened:poorly lit
stringency:harshness
foray:assault
listeners:spectators
mischievous:malicious
decrepitude:decay
bad:adverse
unbreakable:hard
dinghy:liner
format:arrangement
catch:stick
drifter:tramp
service's:army
teenager's:adolescents
extreme:excessive
object's:substance
stony:rough
easily:effortlessly
burliness:strong build
surveillance:inspection
monitor:check
too:extremely
arroyo:gulf
decrepit:on its last legs
trivialize:underestimate
unpaid:not paid
nag:pester
too:in addition
austere:unembellished
doubt:hesitation
Pat:touch
Numbers:facts
industrial:industrialized
rapidity:speed
flippantly:superficially
hold:fasten
club:discotheque
bed:border
uproar:racket
exhaustively:in its entirety
magnet:draw
thunderous:rolling
rocky:difficult
indigenous:aboriginal
remoteness:reserve
Love:ardor
fastidious:choosy
vibrantly:luridly
squandered:wasted
select:cliquey
penitence:sorrow
custody:incarceration
wall:divider
trodden:firmed
grounded:stuck
partially:incompletely
cataleptic:insensible
excursion:pleasure trip
root:cause
opening:lucky break
potency:might
daze:baffle
stultify:blur
dexterously:nimbly
noted:celebrated
stonework:walls
unlimited:indefinite
briskly:smartly
professional:proficient
drop:decline
pod:case
bid:proffer
rejoicing:joy
classicist:purist
single:unmarried
enrollment:conscription
power:authority
lovable:enchanting
expressly:particularly
oblivion:stupor
sorrowful:regretful
microbe's:germs
destroy:demolish
abhor:loathe
formal:conventional
separate:disconnect
lash:twitch
irately:angrily
debilitating:incapacitating
coordinator:planner
letup:calm
decadent:corrupt
acquiescence:consent
giddy:nauseated
vigilantly:watchfully
debate:question
should:be supposed to
wholesomeness:respectability
professed:ostensible
bounty:price
terrific:massive
crassly:ridiculously
ribald:bawdy
own:have
metaphors:images
nattily:neatly
appliance:electrical device
rumbling:dull
liable:accountable
gamut:range
palatable:tasty
hygienic:sanitized
steppingstone:contact
dislodge:displace
Commons:dining hall
sponging:scrounging
tape:stick
parentage:origin
switch:swap
bill:sum
walkway:footpath
proliferate:multiply
Rocky:difficult
authoritarian:severe
dismay:disappointment
forthcoming:approaching
crisp:crusty
prowess:competency
Bond:link
reply:retort
food:chow
solitary:lonely
center:focus
suspend:put back
spirit:general feeling
warlike:aggressive
advocacy:promotion
poignant:heartrending
counter:answer
loathe:hate
let:accede to
overrated:puffed up
gluttonously:voraciously
repression:despotism
fastener:pin
expect:look ahead to
ungovernable:uncontrollable
easygoing:even-tempered
defile:pass
loftily:haughtily
Post:publicize
lapse:space
vertex:peak
feverishly:vehemently
crossbreed:amalgam
Establishment:institution
fearless:unafraid
emend:alter
pile:swell
imperceptible:unremarkable
leniently:moderately
display:demonstrate
profanely:contrarily
adept:clever
hold:cleave to
refinement:enhancement
thinker:scholar
vulgar:loutish
China:fine china
retouch:correct
influenza:respiratory tract infection
oblique:roundabout
picturesque:pictographic
economizing:cheap
uninspiring:apathetic
forthwith:immediately
control:limitation
rigidity:severity
squirt:shoot
maxim:axiom
ineptly:clumsily
credulously:unquestioningly
ricochet:reverberation
finding's:conclusion
measurable:perceptible
improvement:perfection
flinty:steely
connecting:involving
unprejudiced:unbiased
inception:launch
husky:rasping
Petty:trifling
begin:commence
fire:enthusiasm
sound:unassailable
instance:order
introduce:host
heighten:add to
diligence:meticulousness
project:development
anxiously:nervously
eradicate:destroy
inoperative:out of use
transmutation:change
perplex:stump
antagonize:annoy
typical:conventional
righteous:moral
cost:fee
late:recent
tuition:training
coincidentally:by accident
latitude:space
memorial:cenotaph
countersign:endorse
code:secret code
interval:period
fastidiously:carefully
trace:drop
sideline:nonessential
wheedle:inveigle
retain:hang on to
overspill:runoff
satisfying:pleasing
uptight:anxious
blanch:blench
desolation:unhappiness
material:important
whacked:exhausted
letters:lettering
trophy:title
troubling:disturbing
constancy:consistency
Flora:plant life
overshadowing:intense
quadrilateral:lozenge
exchange:swap
range:go
chieftain:head of clan
bloom:flower
kid:joke
sharp:in focus
fault:condemn
influence:stimulus
nonsense:baloney
stormily:passionately
smugness:complacency
precipitate:rapid
products:harvest
laypeople:public
gibbet:gallows
impertinently:cheekily
bed:crib
brink:rim
floppiness:sagginess
hill:mound
sophist:hair-splitter
uneasily:fearfully
seize:take hold of
brawl:affray
lackadaisical:easygoing
back:support
alternate:substitute
herculean:phenomenal
pierce:prick
well:completely
extemporize:ad lib
foodstuff:provisions
steal:good buy
portent:omen
niggle:cause for anxiety
visualize:think about
Riverside:shore
reciprocated:common
symbol's:signs
avalanche:flood
hoarder:collector
drowsily:fuzzily
intonation:lilt
discount:mark down
debarred:expelled
Sharp:intelligent
rejoin:retort
caste:social order
expostulate:remonstrate
daybed:futon
hostilely:rancorously
stringently:sternly
muscularity:strong build
decisiveness:authority
crater:hole
awash:saturated
lionize:treat as a celebrity
full:round
confidentially:in private
chain's:cuffs
pilfer:pinch
infinitesimal:extremely small
imaginable:that you can think of
knack:aptitude
qualify:succeed
timid:tentative
banker:sponsor
thought:design
dissatisfaction:frustration
conveying:turning over
blameless:guiltless
referee:mediate
embrace:encirclement
method:manner
tangled:disordered
frond:palm leaf
crotchety:surly
unprotected:isolated
trunk:torso
jump:be surprised
Ruby:garnet
Superior:bigger
make:compel to
expeditious:speedy
hopelessness:despondency
indecisive:inconclusive
out:not permitted
merrymaking:glee
thankless:unrewarding
courteous:civil
niggardly:miserable
deadpan:straight
perquisite:perk
monstrosity:evil
insufficiency:deficiency
touch:finger
unfriendliness:coolness
politic:unscrupulous
foully:vilely
enormity:atrocity
congruent:similar
attic:upper floor
burnish:clean
alternation:fluctuation
adrift:in limbo
recently:freshly
tendency:leaning
indecently:unreasonably
incriminate:convict
pureness:stainlessness
stalwart:redoubtable
dais:podium
class:style
Wash:launder
being:spirit
vertex:highest point
interjection:interruption
benediction:approval
wretchedness:woe
typify:demonstrate
raucously:rowdily
hyperactive:wired
camaraderie:solidarity
dawning:birth
unspeakable:unbelievable
beguiling:captivating
rep:agent
stone:marble
embellishments:trimmings
design:blueprint
take:deduct
grow:breed
immaculately:spotlessly
going:up for grabs
roughness:vagueness
unfathomable:enigmatic
recognition:recollection
scramble:push
cowardice:fearfulness
federal:national
diacritical:umlaut
vociferous:raucous
tomb:grave
formed:fashioned
guaranty:security
occasion:reason
impede:slow down
brawl:scrap
peg:gauge
disinfected:sanitized
ache:cause discomfort
mentor:teacher
good:fine
stoutness:solidity
fulfill:suit
lengthily:ad nauseam
kickoff:commencement
unofficially:in private
Cross:cantankerous
following:next
inertly:passively
Royal's:monarchs
patchwork:makeshift
grievance:unfairness
lucrative:well-paid
disaffection:unfriendliness
hoard:collection
inventory:supply
show:exhibition
fortifying:revitalizing
unexciting:dreary
expect:count on
order's:commands
veracity:sincerity
remunerated:rewarded
dependable:responsible
forward:pass on
vindictive:malevolent
karma:destiny
bearable:acceptable
straightaway:straight off
meteoric:swift
enormous:mammoth
pay:disburse
demonstration:revelation
philosophy:values
admiring:favorable
blab:tattle
indolently:languidly
profess:allow
appreciate:increase in value
down:eat
move:effort
repress:crush
smooth:persuasive
incorruptibility:blamelessness
bulk:majority
twitter:chirp
hirsute:long-haired
housekeeping:cleaning
decompose:fester
nearer:closer
thus:in consequence
smoggy:vaporous
hastily:impetuously
ribbed:uneven
fecund:luxuriant
copied:hackneyed
astoundingly:amazingly
artlessly:spontaneously
deficit:discrepancy
colonnade:arcade
curbed:cramped
bedecked:garlanded
yap:bark
circle:gang
ferocity:ferociousness
weep:sob
manuscript:copy
judiciously:prudently
placate:soothe
tweaking:modification
barrage:hail
annotations:observations
gumption:practicality
acclamation:ovation
relating:involving
fatness:obesity
learning:wisdom
undercover:covertly
espouse:support
pain:ache
flatly:utterly
fused:complex
adulterous:disloyal
Truth:candor
desire:beg
distension:enlargement
gentility:courtesy
stratagem:wile
guard:watch
social:community
anon:in a moment
laudable:worthy
chic:panache
closest:nearby
chip:flake
overpowered:vanquished
I'll:hardly
satisfying:rewarding
wear:grind
surprise:shocker
tiptoe:steal
ecologist:environmentalist
abuse:mistreatment
destroy:crush
untie:untangle
thriller:crime novel
fell:knock down
undeveloped:young
abruptly:rudely
notebook:pad
pernicious:insidious
magician:juggler
choreography:sequence of steps
caging:term
equal:be on a par with
crumple:crinkle
ingest:scarf up
dutifully:submissively
callous:coldhearted
cope:hack it
treatise:thesis
engrossing:absorbing
inventory:register
footage:video recording
schoolteacher:lecturer
meticulous:painstaking
irresistible:appealing
zestful:energetic
middle:intermediate
wittingly:deliberately
flagstaff:ship's mast
merit:good point
toxin:poison
herald:give out
reduced:cheap
bad:depraved
furl:curl
referee:adjudicate
hurtful:unkind
Nemesis:opponent
penance:forfeit
vie:strive
buzz:thrill
doer:achiever
bugbear:concern
truthful:exact
cronies:followers
fact's:data
anesthetic:general anesthetic
auspicious:good
memoir:log
tolerably:satisfactorily
knotty:tricky
hill:prominence
understated:discreet
impatient:hotheaded
unintelligible:garbled
hearten:encourage
innocent:pure
Superior:aristocratic
stickup:robbery
asperity:severity
alimony:maintenance
archly:disdainfully
blame:upbraid
grimy:encrusted
sickness:condition
splotch:red mark
question:distrust
unflinching:steady
foray:incursion
artistically:attractively
staff:organization
crackpot:impulsive
own:specific
slumped:baggy
critically:vitally
Good's:freight
ungovernable:unmanageable
significantly:meaningfully
assurance:self-possession
grit:clench
Root:derivation
vulnerably:weakly
effortlessly:fluently
underling:junior
awakening:beginning
unimpeachable:irreproachable
worrisome:annoying
modish:current
sewer:septic tank
knobby:knotted
blank:empty space
entry:ingress
Craft:spacecraft
backbreaking:hard
hostelry:local
referee:adjudicator
authenticate:endorse
shrink:diminish
routine:scheduled
humility:modesty
assembly:assemblage
antenna:transmitter
inaudibly:too softly to be heard
pompously:self-importantly
unearth:come across
dryly:understatedly
forthcoming:accommodating
delicacy:frailty
powerfully:fiercely
surge:outpouring
hover:flit around
portly:chubby
dispatch:murder
command:dominate
ugly:unsightly
convince:talk into
levelness:evenness
shampoo:rinse
swaggering:brash
coffee:chocolate
strenuous:taxing
waddle:sway
blitz:crack down on
gallant:gentlemanly
spokeswoman:narrator
circumstance:incident
ungrateful:unthankful
eclipse:outshine
Stark:altogether
facade:veneer
thinly:finely
animosity:rancor
enormous:massive
taboo:inviolable
conversational:relaxed
unsteadiness:unevenness
community:village
kinship:association
farm:sheep farm
take:accompany
stain:tinge
point:intention
slapdash:careless
bucolic:countrified
droning:boring
devout:spiritual
undemanding:cushy
armlet:bracelet
decide:settle on
heroism:valor
riled:incensed
whisker's:body hair
indisputable:indubitable
misdemeanor's:misbehavior
emphatic:forceful
rile:anger
Gray:colorless
old:erstwhile
stuff:material
calculation:computation
ration:curb
reply:retort
correspondingly:likewise
marauder:intruder
melanoma:malignant cells
outlandish:odd
rain:drop
waywardness:willfulness
recall:withdraw
control:sway
laggard:slacker
Popper:catch
lynch:string up
examine:research
gambling:gaming
overhaul:overtake
recouping:seizure
imperiously:overbearingly
Angel:archangel
weld:repair
healthier:improved
obstinate:mulish
shabbiness:shamefulness
nightmarish:lurid
demean:humiliate
depiction:picture
ferociously:viciously
dictionary:glossary
perimeter:edge
people:dwell in
lecture:sermon
viciously:spitefully
stencil:model
naturalize:grow naturally
interpretation:explanation
peaceable:peaceful
domesticated:broken
well:fine
obtrusive:interfering
Midway:equidistant
gripped:absorbed
routine:tedious
obscure:block out
server:ma?tre d'h?tel
certain:clear
sponge:wipe
deviousness:artfulness
ration:share out
symbolize:signify
illegality:misdemeanor
carpentry:joinery
mark:stain
carefree:happy-go-lucky
antagonism:antipathy
occur:crop up
great:remarkable
friend:ally
plug:push
lozenge:pastille
unbreakable:firm
unpardonable:reprehensible
honoring:idolization
practical:functional
Post:dispatch
dream:daydream
agog:impatient
vibrate:tremble
inundated:swamped
annotation's:remarks
impounding:appropriation
quantify:calculate
rhythmically:in time
rest:lean
prominently:significantly
warm:kind
yesteryear:days gone by
backdrop:background
deformed:collapsed
confiscation:deduction
streetwise:tough
murkily:blurrily
placebo:sop
backdrop:conditions
appear:be seen
crag:mountain
House:terrace
regarding:concerning
private:secretive
party:accomplice
dampen:damp
itinerary:route
agitator:protester
subsequent:following
probing:questioning
punchy:bewildered
smite:cut
handling:behavior
Representative:expressive
annoy:upset
manly:mannish
resurface:re-emerge
joint:shared
independent:liberated
dude:guy
split:crack
imaginably:possibly
provisionally:in the short term
bad:evil
swaddle:bind
book:reserve
gadfly:pest
Joy:charm
sameness:monotony
seagoing:sea
brunch:mealtime
begging:prayerful
highbrow:intellectual
joyousness:elation
fast:rapid
decrepit:decaying
bear:go through
sacrosanct:holy
harness:bind
shakily:erratically
cavalcade:line
anteroom:waiting room
periphery:border
reverse:rear
latest:most up-to-date
gabble:twaddle
psychologically:sensitively
reflexively:involuntarily
parasites:bedbugs
slick:professional
bulletin:the latest
below:lower than
glumness:pessimism
love:feel affection for
anesthetic:numbing
bowdlerize:edit
inundate:flood
gully:gulch
brassy:loud
abhor:detest
misbehaving:unruly
traceable:appreciable
tacky:vulgar
seashore:seaside
jurisdiction:orbit
patrol:line
style:elegance
dingy:soiled
distrust:disbelief
scurry:bustle
scruple:second thought
marmalade:conserve
irregular:abnormal
bushed:whacked
record:reputation
throttle:strangle
hedonistic:self-gratifying
pricey:overpriced
leniency:lenience
strictly:sternly
woeful:doleful
taunt:ridicule
product:upshot
rights:civil rights
recently:a short time ago
ease:diminish
remnant:vestige
adulation:respect
regularity:reliability
peacemaker:go-between
defeatism:despondency
big:cumbersome
measurable:computable
differ:clash
masculinity:manliness
medical:checkup
difficult:complex
bicker:squabble
Buddy:pal
stated:declared
potency:influence
makeup:frame
puzzlement:incomprehension
adoring:indulgent
constant:devoted
salubrious:respectable
tout:ballyhoo
disarm:make safe
recommend:endorse
analytical:analytic
flying:speedy
gradually:steadily
ungainly:lumbering
rudimentary:simple
altogether:thoroughly
enslavement:habit
purposely:wittingly
unacquainted:unaware
mildness:gentleness
fade:die
pacify:appease
arrogantly:conceitedly
exactingly:sternly
moving:heartrending
abjure:renounce
perfume:toilet water
presumptuous:insolent
deepness:penetration
prominence:importance
penurious:impoverished
persona:character
sledgehammer:mallet
preciseness:care
ceaselessly:interminably
infuse:immerse
unguarded:exposed
filament:thread
technical:official
slipperiness:crookedness
dirtiness:grubbiness
rumbling:flat
traumatized:distressed
scoured:gnarled
submit:agree to
deadened:out cold
worries:suspicions
latest:newest
ignite:put a match to
sternly:strictly
fuddle:confuse
vision:forethought
platitude:inanity
turnaround:turn
learn:ascertain
agitated:nervous
downward:descending
exuberance:high spirits
Marina:harbor
crust:film
detention:imprisonment
bestow:bequeath
salesperson:vendor
equivalently:equally
flatteringly:deferentially
torment:suffering
rib:mock
blot:ruin
dipstick:measuring stick
stuffy:close
garner:earn
undetermined:uncertain
fissure:cleft
sorority:company
elements:fundamentals
terrorize:bully
unforgiving:callous
naughty:ill-disciplined
logician:thinker
assent:consent
staleness:mustiness
jumpy:agitated
jump:shoot
ravages:destruction
shatter:wreck
note:reminder
epidemic:prevalent
muscular:powerfully built
undeniably:incontrovertibly
skimp:be sparing with
gross:clear
dethrone:overthrow
sewing:tapestry
bushy:wild
folio:sheet
convulsion:spasm
bedrock:substratum
accounts:the books
undistinguished:mediocre
association:friendship
unhesitating:wholehearted
random:accidental
bountiful:generous
protect:defend
actually:essentially
finish:appearance
retrograde:conservative
receive:obtain
mealtime:suppertime
blusher:foundation
bulbous:spherical
freshening:aeration
forewarning:suspicion
obligate:coerce
Bloom:flower head
approving:favorable
sale:deal
bathhouse:change room
room:extent
basting:embroidery
note's:interpretation
misgivings:doubts
obey:abide by
disjointed:disorderly
herb:rosemary
ascertain:establish
communally:equally
pecuniary:fiscal
act:deed
equally:in the same way
provide:bestow
pliability:softness
basically:ultimately
notary:attorney
celebrity:icon
winning:triumphant
disappointingly:insufficiently
quibbling:pedantry
uncover:bare
sleet:hailstones
Land's:manor
thoroughbred:pure-bred
cupidity:greediness
huffy:affronted
impute:charge
somersault:cartwheel
tally:check
lead:leadership
clink:tinkle
change:transform
unembarrassed:unashamed
research:investigate
moralizing:serious
fallow:barren
harms:tribulations
last:previous
sluggish:listless
vegan:lacto-vegetarian
peculiarly:curiously
freshening:exposure to air
explicit:unambiguous
perfect:accurate
conclusive:definite
drastic:dire
shame:embarrass
dandy:fine
assure:secure
distrustful:doubting
sycophantic:apple polishing
bawl:yell
harassing:distressing
steaming:baking
solidly:sturdily
foreword:introduction
astonish:render speechless
level:steamroll
propinquity:close relationship
layout:outline
optimist:idealist
biodegradable:recyclable
fail:break down
society:the general public
thoughtless:selfish
style:good taste
practice:habit
block:deter
blasphemy:sacrilege
overreact:make a big deal
ban:sanction
unproductive:wasteful
tawdry:gaudy
honest:candid
disciple:learner
intelligently:smartly
prudish:proper
swoon:blackout
pixie:sprite
napkin:tablecloth
analysis:testing
assaulter:attacker
preference:first choice
indescribable:too awful for words
unspoiled:uncorrupted
weaken:dwindle
striker:demonstrator
funny:quaint
deification:adoration
accompaniment:supplement
sucker:chump
unfurl:expand
obligingly:considerately
cove:bay
thoughtlessly:selfishly
loose:lax
tagging:category
Cage:hem in
preschooler:preschool child
plunge:plummet
grouse:moan
pretense:deceit
reformatory:secure unit
waddle:toddle
hardheaded:business-like
abstruse:obscure
apologetically:regretfully
Strong:stark
raffish:confident
spiteful:unkind
inclement:windy
history:olden times
afflict:make miserable
once:after
objectively:impartially
stage:the boards
luminary:top name
draft:mouthful
apprehensiveness:doubt
folklore:myths
low:short
surely:of course
Spartan:severe
bet:expect
remarks:clarification
issue:arise
balsam:liniment
thoughtfulness:consideration
final:concluding
howl:scream
Stern:unyielding
curl:twist
hand:hand over
candor:truthfulness
bickering:squabbling
gracelessly:ungracefully
medley:mixture
obedient:dutiful
unemotional:objective
velvety:smooth
pompously:affectedly
inscrutable:deadpan
forbearing:forgiving
treacherous:disloyal
Riddle:question
surveyor:assessor
resuscitate:revivify
regular:common
demeanor:attitude
blackhead:spot
Set:backdrop
calmed:reassured
emphatically:ardently
participation:partaking
fewest:least
derailing:earth-shaking
massive:huge
suburbs:outer edge
instance:case
unkind:mean
vent:escape
scathing:caustic
burly:brawny
deficient:flawed
fire:conflagration
repentant:contrite
purpose:perseverance
sound:appear
enigmatic:mysterious
awfulness:unpleasantness
imperfection:blotch
circumscribed:hemmed in
amendable:regulating
stone:pip
whirlpool:current
tine:spike
rococo:ornate
perished:moldy
thriller:spy story
ingeniously:skillfully
fluffiness:lightness
extract:take out
austerely:simply
reticence:shyness
make:prepare
depleted:useless
flak:criticism
gutsy:plucky
extol:commend
varied:sundry
aftershave:toilet water
trite:stale
China:saucers
superlative:unmatched
navigate:cross
impartially:disinterestedly
exemplary:consummate
pus:seepage
tinsel:glitter
intermission:interlude
booster:jab
sacrament:reparation
commend:hand over
blurry:blurred
deferential:admiring
irresolute:indecisive
interval:recess
cudgel:thrash
August:imposing
meander:amble
rewrite:adjust
grouchy:crabby
intermittently:irregularly
quay:dockside
bedding:blanket
enthuse:gush
bountiful:copious
mountainous:monumental
so:accordingly
murkiness:shadows
cloak:pretense
reiteration:replication
hot:warm
hailstones:frozen rain
class:caste
flabby:out of condition
embroiled:involved
sleep:nap
Fry:brown
reserves:capital
bizarre:peculiar
horse:pony
controvert:challenge
reaching:success
minor:teenager
cagey:reticent
split:separate
observant:sharp-eyed
gag:joke
direction's:guidelines
content:comfort
hospitably:warmly
rather:to a certain extent
grieve:aggrieve
we'll:sound
gray:overcast
upsetting:shocking
errand's:farm duties
unqualified:unprofessional
sou'wester:sun-hat
flea's:bedbugs
outgrowth:consequence
franchise:contract
workers:human resources
languish:pine
gap:gorge
latterly:these days
drive:ambition
Job:responsibility
abdomen:tummy
afire:excited
tattered:in rags
Stout:firm
washbasin:sink
sight:catch sight of
curbed:restrained
repel:keep at bay
rest:take a break
occupancy:tenancy
reception:unloading
aberration:peculiarity
uninspiring:lackluster
dowel:pin
hallowed:deified
results:fallout
shivering:shuddering
vex:exasperate
cut:score
assistant:junior
might:capacity
communications:telephone system
brittle:frail
dwindle:fade
minor:inferior
aimless:meaningless
links:relatives
disputed:unclear
sticker:decal
mirth:cheer
concierge:caretaker
old:previous
fabled:legendary
justified:warranted
solicit:crave
stereotypical:formulaic
perfect:hone
stream:flood
amicability:geniality
gag:muffle
orchestrate:arrange
depreciation:fall
tastelessly:in bad taste
pounding:beating
RIP:snatch
subterfuge:maneuver
unresolved:unclear
loathing:abhorrence
ponder:consider
line:route
parsimonious:tight
bequeath:give
sunup:morning
important:key
pitching:diving
rampart's:bulwark
definitely:positively
haphazard:hit or miss
lionize:glorify
fine:analytical
comedown:downer
authorities:powers that be
incited:impelled
droopy:flaccid
disordered:chaotic
bulldoze:force
address:direct
camel:taupe
condescend:humiliate
derisively:irreverently
injection:vaccination
rig:arrange
vulgarity:bad language
rugged:strong
protest:make an objection
circumscribed:restricted
muse:chew over
bunged:blocked
visceral:intuitive
use:take advantage of
recklessly:carelessly
disembark:arrive in port
itching:burning
unison:unity
intimacy:confidence
beholden:in somebody's debt
remission:decrease
harm's:troubles
commitment:obligation
exchange:altercation
partial:fractional
throw:pitch
addition's:trimmings
lamb:veal
unearthly:mysterious
Ingres's:doorway
finicky:particular
reducing:tumbling
sobriety:abstemiousness
tentacle:member
unexciting:monotonous
normally:as a rule
evaporate:vanish
strong:heavy-duty
edit:rework
vermin:lice
facile:superficial
trimmings:accompaniments
sacrament:hair shirt
base:pedestal
scant:inadequate
impropriety:immodesty
lee's:silt
slender:small
busy:demanding
emancipated:released
confirm:authorize
knockout:eliminate
pernicious:deadly
liniment:ointment
eagerness:zeal
mishandling:abuse
ragged:scruffy
shoddy:slapdash
shut:lock up
mumbled:unintelligible
denouncement:slur
guy:man
bonbon:toffee
irreplaceable:extremely rare
instantaneous:instant
devotee:aficionada
purr:whirr
injudicious:unwise
breather:pause
organizational:secretarial
cogency:logic
bravery:daring
delineation:marking out
quite:fully
accordingly:consequently
payload:consignment
pretentiousness:self-importance
unquestioning:unthinking
catcall:jeer
ripple:wrinkle
entrap:capture
voguish:trendy
children's:for kids
protagonist:central character
adulteration:sullying
copy:written material
phenomenon:trend
brisk:stimulating
matter:material
molest:bug
smugness:conceit
always:at all times
arrant:outright
habitation:habitat
modified:bespoke
outdo:outstrip
essentially:in essence
delinquency:irresponsibility
stormy:tempestuous
ogre:troll
cobweb's:age
suburb's:environs
uncontrolled:hysterical
belong:be in the right place
resultant:ensuing
sedative:downer
compartmentalize:tag
through:owing to
faith:dedication
lamentation:expression of grief
review:check
whirl:tumult
scramble:crawl
reverberation's:after effects
instep:in agreement
shagginess:dishevelment
sweater:sport shirt
penetrate:seep into
corona:halo
original:novel
rebellion:insurgence
express:rapid
untaught:born
imitation:take-off
captive:incarcerated
oversight:misunderstanding
hallucinate:have delusions
particularity:distinctiveness
invariably:ever
probably:most likely
penetrating:acute
bombardment:hail
possible:likely
share:bit
output:productivity
skim:fly
voiceless:unvoiced
immobility:stillness
bastion:support
worry:fear
overheat:scorch
pout:show displeasure
lurch:listing
rivalry:challenge
stymied:hindered
unloose:release
wrinkle:line
heavyweight:strong
voice:vote
plinth:base
event's:proceedings
flammable:inflammable
common:usual
snapshot:photograph
fastest:top
copiously:abundantly
reconciling:integration
variation:adaptation
stick:rod
destroy:tear down
prod:jab
disturbed:troubled
abounding:wealthy
dissenting:rebellious
sardonic:derisive
literature:copy
unbearably:horrendously
yell:scream
unleash:give a free rein to
research:explore
ladle:serving spoon
imitate:impersonate
fertilizer:compost
throwaway:discard
settle:descend
contact:write to
undetermined:undefined
piercing:sharp
in:featuring in
cannonade:volley
epithet:label
sway:convince
interlude:rest
taxing:tiring
nauseous:disgusting
reflect:mull over
suburbs:outer reaches
meanness:spitefulness
melodically:melodiously
manner's:comportment
postponement:deferment
hovering:suspended
nestle:snuggle
prick:puncture
penetrate:enter
lose:be defeated
flinch:shy away
melodious:musical
commission:job
crankiness:quirkiness
situation:state of affairs
shovel:dig
legalized:legitimate
convinced:committed
infuriatingly:frustratingly
congregate:mass
colorfully:vibrantly
civilize:cultivate
complex:difficult
administrate:direct
frill:add-on
component:module
enliven:liven up
persona:role
painkiller:sedative
avenger:retaliator
sleekly:compactly
amid:along with
fund's:cremation
clown:fool
nursing:attention
pivot:turn
indecisiveness:vagueness
repress:subdue
swill:rinse
academy:college
zany:crazy
savor:take pleasure in
analytic:diagnostic
impeccably:spotlessly
gushing:garrulous
separate:break free
stick:stab
affliction:trouble
awesome:astounding
famished:starved
different:diverse
easy:at ease
see:pay a visit to
imperfection:spot
basically:principally
cognate:related
mettle:spirit
ground's:foundation
dereliction:neglect
minimize:make light of
mistrust:suspicion
funnily:comically
dejected:doleful
bareness:emptiness
thriving:prosperous
sordidly:disreputably
strictness:harshness
recuperate:rescue
want:feel like
camel:beige
chauffeur:give somebody a ride
down:timetabled
palpably:patently
trouble:attention
chasm:hollow place
unlikelihood:improbability
enunciate:say
starry:lustrous
colloquium:discussion group
run:pass
child:toddler
cram:pack
picture:imagine
rebuttal:refutation
nasty:horrible
ambiguous:unclear
realization:recognition
unkindly:wickedly
crouch:squat
tailing:investigation
original:new
expediently:beneficially
chatter:go on
hotbed:ferment
elegantly:sophisticatedly
forward:promote
proscribe:ban
respect:have a high opinion of
Hope:likelihood
flap:flail
uniqueness:matchlessness
dizzy:shaky
abstracted:distracted
consistency:stability
cloudburst:shower
uncertainly:hesitantly
thump:clobber
suture:sew up
accumulation:accretion
dint:hollow
markedly:distinctly
Frank:blunt
Buck:beat
penetrate:understand
RIP:tear
hub:nucleus
ape:simulate
secret:hush-hush
mean:middle
abyss:void
house:back-to-back
even:constant
intersect:crisscross
squabble:quarrel
paraphernalia:stuff
DNA:genetic material
nomad:migrant
condescending:lofty
wish:long for
delicately:tactfully
difference:discrepancy
taunt:criticize
twigs:kindling
arrangement's:provision
fault:liability
confederate:join
complete:perfect
sad:moving
inflate:increase
brassy:gaudy
format:plan
comprehensibility:unambiguousness
operate:carry on
agreeing:in accord
curio:souvenir
revivification:resurgence
carry:have
unhappy:dejected
organize:arrange
shadowing:following
tumor:lump
aggression:offensive
publish:issue
grow:produce
safeguarding:protection
mechanize:use machinery
tingle:sting
practically:well-nigh
weight:influence
hex:enchantment
taciturn:aloof
blending:combination
high:prohibitive
promo:preview
sturdiness:hardiness
package:box up
marine:sea
flit:flutter
embracing:taking on
insides:entrails
rightful:apt
incurable:incorrigible
security:safety measures
watch:watch over
peacefulness:calmness
ideal:essence
cutting:heartless
disintegration:collapse
structure:composition
discomfiting:humiliating
own:personal
unconcerned:carefree
cull:amass
vice:junior
flagrant:brazen
billows:clouds
prompt:set off
low:glum
associate:socialize
drawn:strained
disloyally:falsely
regaining:repossession
flat:set
primary:chief
palatial:grand
astoundingly:wonderfully
rate:toll
famously:very
napping:slumbering
regrettable:unfortunate
onrush:wave
Stark:barren
atrium:vestibule
picking:alternative
gregariousness:companionability
rearrangement:postponement
interlink:intermingle
Hiss:fizz
foster:advance
crystallize:take shape
Rather:preferably
escalate:rise
jumble:mix up
curb:check
anthem:national hymn
impishly:puckishly
bottle:pot
fling:toss
Chance:unintended
welcome:hail
support:crutch
exhort:press
tariff:fare
simultaneously:at once
grow:strengthen
endure:last
marauder:looter
tastefully:attractively
retouch:renovate
compartmentalize:label
seabed:marine
ability:skill
loquacious:talkative
fixtures:stuff
unscathed:safe and sound
imprints:marks
jackknife:switchblade
repentance:shame
reserve:keep
understandingly:caringly
remonstrate:argue
mandrill:primate
exercise:employ
Nick:scratch
skeletal:gaunt
stodgy:dreary
pothole:rut
proficiency:knack
components:machinery
stick:set
libelous:defamatory
nationalist:pro-self-government
vacillate:hesitate
splashed:dotted
associate:ally
fatigued:pooped
action:act
listing:catalog
despicably:dreadfully
jeopardy:trouble
variety:class
indication:suggestion
innumerable:countless
legalized:legally recognized
skirmish:clash
palatial:lavish
dissimilarity:difference
pelt:fire at
calmed:thankful
fester:worsen
enthusiastically:hungrily
conclusively:convincingly
crunchy:brittle
stockpile:squirrel away
unobservant:slow
garnish:dress up
coax:wheedle
CPU:microprocessor
shrunken:dried up
uncomfortably:painfully
disgrace:stain
pedagogical:academic
penetrate:discern
manhandle:push
witlessly:illogically
Rich:creamy
overcast:gloomy
mull:contemplate
fillip:zest
glitter:gleam
rebuke:haul over the coals
station:place
abode:residence
vulnerability:exposure
arousing:disturbing
contestant:opponent
record:take notes
earthly:secular
leader:chief
anybody:any person
desolate:austere
sidle:creep
depraved:degenerate
demand:pressure
emboss:mark
location:position
rhetoric:public speaking
evade:fudge
gratuity:perk
searching:pointed
unhindered:unobstructed
breach:crack
effect:cause
overlay:cover
affirmation:announcement
resolution:vow
guile:astuteness
reassess:have another look at
imprecise:unclear
inadmissible:barred
measurable:detectable
tariff:duty
slick:sly
thoroughly:painstakingly
gumbo:consomm?
raise:provoke
enriching:inspirational
byway:side street
toughen:beef up
draft:conscript
nutty:crazy
deathlike:pallid
twiddle:fidget
treatise:tract
salacious:interesting
disproof:refutation
zest:relish
restructure:redistribute
supply:amount
synthesize:create
choppy:shifting
reservation's:suspicions
academy:conservatory
colorful:gaudy
mesh:engage
propulsion:impulsion
gabble:nonsense
cut:slice
turgid:stuffy
materials:resources
pooled:collective
courageous:brave
interchangeable:the same
diligence:assiduousness
hold:storeroom
Key:means
assiduousness:attentiveness
well:highly
innate:intrinsic
recount:check
suitably:properly
particularize:note
eatable:palatable
circlet:crown
chic:well-groomed
disgrace:bring shame on
devotedly:attentively
inconclusive:ongoing
temporarily:for the interim
incantation:invocation
path:pathway
turnover:earnings
affability:sociability
mini:little
plead:importune
decaying:moldy
flawlessly:faultlessly
turnout:kick out
addition:adding up
nude:exposed
inside's:internal organs
handcuffs:shackles
vilify:do a hatchet job on
intimately:personally
cop:walk off with
detail:allocate
unguent:liniment
noiselessly:quietly
endurance:stamina
state:declare
formality:ceremony
guard:sentinel
atrociousness:brutality
fit:robust
meddling:prying
inconspicuous:subtle
inapt:unfit
silken:smooth
individually:on a case by case basis
Young:early
drifting:traveling
despotic:authoritarian
heliotrope:lilac
syllabus:program of study
Joy:happiness
argot:patois
puffed:wheezing
Lie:fib
sentence:prison term
repercussion:impact
sag:slump
basilica:cathedral
guard:watch over
Marxism:collectivism
phase:chapter
knowable:obvious
sopping:soaked
gloss:shine
maximize:capitalize on
timeworn:trite
prefecture:district
trash:ruin
raffish:stylish
chintzy:parsimonious
caper:play around
suntan:sunburn
exquisite:beautiful
misunderstanding:error
glad:joyful
sickly:unwell
rubbing:resistance
conjoin:be next to
character's:font
instinctive:inherent
poised:balanced
judiciously:shrewdly
barbed:snide
amuse:entertain
evasion:elusion
awning:sun shelter
voluble:talkative
decrease:dropping off
frolicsome:spirited
inadequate:incompetent
pulverized:powdered
steadfastness:faithfulness
rehabilitation:remedy
pinnacle:peak
grogginess:unsteadiness
capacious:huge
deactivate:disable
early:untimely
cycle:succession
firm:inflexible
eccentricity:quirk
unscrupulous:unprincipled
cover:shelter
intractable:troublesome
sameness:uniformity
enticing:tempting
give:give away
invoice:account
unaccountable:baffling
interned:inside
bloodsucker:leech
compromise:agreement
drive:plunge
lull:pacify
stocky:burly
lipstick:powder
exact:squeeze
voraciously:ravenously
roaming:itinerant
sensational:marvelous
mother:tend
course:curriculum
flaky:blistering
bathmat:doormat
neutrally:impartially
gofer:lackey
fury:rage
close:familiar
blunder:clanger
metropolis:city
choose:indicate
affability:cordiality
efficient:ecologically aware
hypersensitivity:reaction
clearness:comprehensibility
unselfishness:selflessness
astronomical:planetary
expect:think
leach:trickle
office:department
winnings:jackpot
abuse:cruelty
perpendicular:making a corner
contender:contestant
separate:independent
purposeless:empty
hard:remorselessly
infatuation:fascination
Lodge:hotel
trap:snare
counterfeit:phony
stay:hang about
position:thinking
welcome:longed-for
beseech:ask
marvel:phenomenon
sundries:assortment
embarrassing:awkward
graph:diagram
watch:gaze at
ignobly:dishonorably
productively:beneficially
biker:dispatch rider
grueling:arduous
plea:request
concurrent:acquiescent
Victor:winner
soaring:high
annihilate:destroy
Post:forward
shooter:rifle
humankind:civilization
replacement:stand-in
irresolutely:uncertainly
occasion:instance
impressiveness:solemnity
unpalatable:revolting
derail:ruin
genteel:polite
powerful:haunting
ransack:plunder
corrective:counteractive
view:examine
luxurious:well-appointed
dourly:sourly
avoid:avert
tyrannical:cruel
unerring:correct
breach:hole
trimming:edge
whimper:snivel
parry:dodge
groundswell:welling up
aim:want
lampoon:parody
return:put back
vibrantly:luminously
replica:reproduction
share:stake
snoop:meddle
discount:money off
relish:pleasure
wad:twist
footstep's:footpath
redress:rectify
Concord:pact
embittered:sour
mien:bearing
festooned:garlanded
account's:the books
thorny:pointed
mucky:soiled
apprehension:arrest
stint:turn
posh:aristocratic
teaser:mystery
unlimited:boundless
Handy:multipurpose
worth:meaning
leave:entrust
tremble:shudder
accidental:unintentional
admiringly:deferentially
feathery:light
vendetta:grudge
Battle:clash
serene:composed
riddle:perforate
introduce:set up
watery:pale
overestimate:allow too much for
emission:giving off
hearsay:rumor
watery:wan
exhortation:catchphrase
aimed:intended
beautician's:hair salon
jug:pitcher
putrefaction:decay
harshness:unkindness
progress:improvement
creepy:weird
extra:further
clampdown:come down hard on
extend:run
cruelly:pitilessly
studied:considered
pain's:thoroughness
streak:smudge
daringly:boldly
bleakness:desolation
Commons:dining room
becoming:fitting
clamminess:heat
deep:arcane
querulous:argumentative
gritty:stark
basic:crucial
diamond:lozenge
unmarried:bachelor
review:reassessment
sameness:similitude
part:role
hush:quiet
importune:annoy
circumflex:diacritical mark
feast:spread
Bunker:ditch
invisible:shadowy
twilight:evening
means:course
Bond:connect
goner:cadaver
carve:cut in slices
discomfited:out of your depth
stupendous:amazing
tired:worn-out
lackluster:lifeless
sagging:drooping
unobservant:unperceptive
Gross:fantastic
trash:malarkey
palliative:panacea
adage:maxim
underweight:emaciated
withstand:hold out
gauntness:scrawniness
rework:change
alternation:vacillation
qualify:lessen
decoration's:streamers
commodities:cargo
impolitic:injudicious
one:single
power:potential
outlying:out-of-the-way
coldness:lack of feeling
representative's:legislative body
exasperation:irritation
Patsy:pawn
eventful:busy
implement's:rigging
confute:invalidate
forebear's:descent
nationalist:separatist
misjudge:misinterpret
formalized:solemn
luxuriousness:luxury
mellow:smooth
unguarded:undefended
blarney:flattery
ignite:burst into flames
outlaw:forbid
Ill:ailing
muffle:soften
Villa:holiday home
estrangement:rupture
nightclothes:nightshirt
baptize:label
vulgarly:with bad manners
meek:modest
whitewashed:conquered
issue:gush
common:normal
infinitesimal:microscopic
mousse:hair gel
swarm:flock
Faith:trust
doubtful:suspicious
pack:cram
wasted:shrunken
spinning:rotating
lithe:flexible
compass:scope
damages:reparation
dubious:fishy
shelf:ridge
deaden:reduce
olden:historic
nimble:dexterous
chivalry:graciousness
patsy:lackey
associate:combine
judge's:panel of adjudicators
hissing:mocking
pass:plight
repressive:suppressive
territorial:protective
catalog:index
inexpensive:cheap
illuminating:instructive
operate:carry out
aforesaid:aforementioned
mugginess:humidity
meaningful:having an important effect
hoarsely:croakily
operative:functioning
defray:settle up
plumb:bang
connection's:family
magic:captivating
rule:decree
oven:stove
embassy:legation
litigious:arguable
garrote:suffocate
furnishings:fixtures
natural:spontaneous
preside:head
clank:clang
reticence:introversion
elating:exciting
acquire:buy
uncooperative:disobliging
mutilate:damage
undamaged:untouched
severance:separation
duress:force
goon:attacker
waif:orphan
joist:floor joist
withstand:survive
useful:expedient
draw:inducement
dashboard:console
fault:defect
inelegantly:awkwardly
laptop:PC
probing:prying
lament:cry for
leftover's:waste
windlass:pulley
space:gap
value's:ideals
wheeze:whisper
slit:gash
Craft:metier
dedication:loyalty
contain:keep in check
housebreak:break
impervious:adamant
fit:epileptic fit
loom:become visible
raise:lift
gridlock:traffic jam
invent:discover
rebuke:reprove
grapevine:rumor mill
Leviathan:Goliath
determine:mold
waken:awaken
comprehensibility:clarity
ensnare:entangle
simply:only
snuffle:breathe in
helix:twist
indeed:if truth be told
unceasingly:interminably
putrefying:moldy
acclamation:acclaim
contestant:participator
embodied:in material form
mutinously:waywardly
knock:censure
investigate:inspect
undefeated:unattainable
leanness:compactness
presume:dare
pass:leave behind
federate:coalesce
thoughtfully:wistfully
malarkey:absurdity
impartiality:nonalignment
scrutiny:inspection
karma:chance
besotted:infatuated
Garrison:occupying force
present:at hand
arrive:gain recognition
today:in the present day
catwalk:footbridge
rashly:imprudently
bright:dazzling
emboss:decorate
sap:undermine
exchange:swap over
carelessness:inattention
embellishment:adornment
infighting:internal strife
exterior:outside
dearly:exceedingly
squashy:pliable
settle:resolve
surefire:dependable
standoffish:unapproachable
giddily:playfully
vim:vitality
go:quit
recurring:frequent
assiduous:constant
blunder:slip-up
surety:warranty
roam:journey
exterminate:destroy
undisguised:overt
say:state
oblong:four-sided figure
pomposity:snobbishness
handle:operate
accordingly:correspondingly
celebrant:chief priest
clean:unpolluted
teaching:principles
revere:respect
core:crux
schooling:education
ethereal:wraithlike
deject:discourage
heretical:deviating
cry:roar
retrospective:fair
see:look at
maintain:keep in good condition
substantiation:authentication
hew:cleave
unethical:depraved
record:notation
comparable:like
wryly:dryly
acknowledgment:confession
downy:fluffy
stanchion:buttress
energetically:briskly
intermingling:combination
inert:slow
overdo:burn
commemorative:memorial
Stout:doughty
scenic:charming
unsteady:variable
cesspool:drain
progressively:gradually
file's:store
innately:naturally
plain:pure
plain:simple
Dare:ultimatum
fiddly:fussy
skimping:frugal
jell:set
magnitude:size
trash:bunk
boater:sou'wester
squirrel:stasher
introduction:opening
potency:force
clean:virtuous
decked:garlanded
loquacious:effusive
down:sad
congruous:agreeable
annoying:bothersome
stalwart:stanch
do:act
indigestible:hard to digest
channel:canal
remains:ruins
stocky:squat
whacked:beat
tease:kid
trample:flatten
wiles:charm
dais:stand
heavy:thug
crosswise:on the cross
rarely:hardly ever
cleave:cut
fair:reasonable
incomparable:unmatched
arithmetic:sums
discernment:perspicacity
debase:taint
instability:wavering
denouement:finish
butt:stock
boldness:cheek
plunder:pillage
debility:encumbrance
tremor:shiver
resolute:unwavering
good:sound
except:except for
pennant:streamer
listen:take note
reading:rendition
weathered:craggy
angry:irritated
recapture:recall
want:plan
Candy:bonbon
residency:internship
modulate:tone down
splinter:disintegrate
stratum:layer
regaining:recapture
bustle:rush around
taster:preview
note:letter
refrigerated:iced
ardently:enthusiastically
lead:information
proof:resilient
officious:interfering
vilely:grossly
commercial:marketable
auditorium:lecture theater
randomly:erratically
extradition:exile
tempestuously:intensely
pointless:inane
carefulness:assiduousness
Colt:pony
extrasensory:psychic
summary:precipitate
disordered:muddled
seep:leak
appease:placate
reputed:apparent
meditation:reflection
mutinously:rebelliously
log's:firewood
poacher:rustler
grimly:horrifically
performer:musician
loan:lend
fetid:fusty
videotape:capture
mediator:referee
remorselessly:inexorably
discussions:deliberations
secretively:cautiously
hearten:uplift
malformation:defect
dough:currency
Representative:sales rep
low:short
fatherly:concerned
radiance:gleam
reflection:expression
discernment:judgment
pawn:put up
thruway:arterial highway
specifics:details
dissonant:jarring
hidden:secreted
ashen:drained of color
crisis:disaster
ignoble:immoral
deteriorate:depreciate
specter:ghost
vote:cast your vote
clobber:thump
experienced:veteran
description:explanation
blame:hold accountable
fearful:afraid
transpire:come about
crabbily:grouchily
labor:dwell on
diction:delivery
lying:falseness
goad:provoke
quench:put out
forgo:omit
aspire:aim
itching:dying
juicy:salacious
extended:unlimited
true:stanch
jade:bottle green
notoriously:disreputably
abuse:hurt
excerpt:selection
intricacy:obscurity
unadorned:simple
warble:sing
engineer:persuade
systematically:analytically
athlete:contestant
end:conclusion
continue:carry on
wrest:extract
spa:health resort
accumulator:miser
erection:composition
handling:conduct
disjointedly:unconnectedly
brood:clutch
omnipotent:invincible
edge:border
damage:dent
buoy:buoy up
fabricate:put together
convincing:realistic
Warren:den
fossilize:calcify
inadvertent:involuntary
cocoon:cushion
reverse:antithesis
goon:continue
unconventional:eccentric
untruthful:deceptive
uncertainly:doubtfully
alive:thriving
lash:whisk
indifferent:unresponsive
stupendous:large
report:tale
ungrateful:showing no gratitude
bestride:include
surge:heave
grisly:repugnant
sear:burn
muse:cogitate
hybrid:crossbreed
thinness:slimness
fix:mend
wish:hope for
big:great
lighten:ease
act:show
intangible:indefinable
breaking:flouting
understanding:settlement
patch:decoration
symposium:convention
memorably:unforgettably
accident:smash
resort:route
sanatorium:hospital
obedience:respect
wreckage:wreck
chutzpah:cheek
mechanically:as a reflex action
trust:suppose
mockingly:contemptuously
lie:lie down
bodywork:frame
straight:length of track
delineation:setting down
undoubted:absolute
parasite:sponger
lost:misplaced
premonition:hunch
tremble:quaver
Stone:seed
poltergeist:phantom
straggle:spread out
callous:hard
Hunter:seeker
fruitless:useless
discontentment:unhappiness
find:locate
demurely:modestly
peripatetic:roving
buzzing:full of life
hot:burning
maharishi:religious teacher
ceaseless:continual
tangential:divergent
virtually:nearly
hiatus:gap
garb:clothing
trimly:tidily
repel:make you feel sick
absorbent:spongy
jubilant:glad
columnist:contributor
point:crux
wearily:resignedly
sallow:pale
dignitary:public figure
center:middle
disintegrating:moldy
taint:dirty
grieving:mournful
solidly:firmly
hitch:snag
grave:serious
solder:fuse
organism:life form
murmur:speak softly
dwelling:lodging
indistinctly:unclearly
encase:coat
terms:terminology
avalanche:landslide
culpable:liable
regally:ceremoniously
unplanned:accidental
register:list
indiscreetly:carelessly
metrical:musical
wild:squally
nemesis:competitor
cologne:toilet water
right:justification
buddy:pal
method:logic
firm:positive
recognize:know
dejected:sad
hole:burrow
improvisation:extemporization
impersonator:impressionist
diagrammatic:drawn
warm:hot
chancy:risky
signification:substance
disloyally:unfaithfully
shred:put through the shredder
astuteness:good judgment
live:be in this world
film:motion picture
flatter:butter up
trip:tumble
reception:sound
approach:move toward
scribe:notch
come:move toward
scintillating:glittering
knowledgeable:conversant
respect:show consideration for
melancholic:discontented
belated:postponed
chill:low temperature
schooling:training
Numbers:records
respire:take breaths
senseless:knocked out
fortunately:happily
against:contrary to
bludgeon:slam
hideousness:ugliness
supplant:replace
pony:horse
afterlife:the hereafter
granular:coarse
Ham:mutton
ramparts:fortifications
ornament:enrichment
inconclusive:unproductive
foundling:waif
refinement:sophistication
deliberate:ponder
pliability:malleability
dereliction:abandonment
pamphlet:notes
critique:assessment
impudence:impoliteness
disparagement:criticism
niggle:worry
capitulate:give in
teem:abound
virtuous:honest
unproductive:slow
recoup:make back
acrimony:animosity
demonstrate:show
arise:get out of bed
constant:recurrent
betraying:divulging
advertiser:supporter
death:fatality
pendant:overhanging
funniness:comedy
dregs:waste
credit:belief
becoming:flattering
fretfully:fussily
explanation:clarification
excess:additional
pigeonholing:description
unharmed:undamaged
logs:wood
oath:pledge
blot:mark
by:sooner than
storekeeper:seller
nocturnal:night-time
fringes:outer edge
order:method
nontoxic:non-hazardous
cadence:pulse
pleasurably:gratifyingly
lax:careless
patrons:customers
hurriedly:speedily
trick:habit
girth:restraint
exult:revel
grating:aggravating
shield:screen
immaculate:pure
decisiveness:determination
break:fail
edibles:rations
biennially:every two years
civilization:nation
choose:pick out
eat:wolf
judge:adjudicator
recess:depression
salsa:tap
Miss:yearn for
taunt:sneer
snug:secure
mystify:perplex
torrential:heavy
antagonism:ill feeling
mixer:food-processor
shrill:strident
reproachfully:witheringly
trough:channel
overcooked:overdone
immobile:at rest
rough:forcible
macabre:horrid
warn:forewarn
grouse:complain
read:understand
rocky:strenuous
tainted:soiled
purchase:pay for
benediction:blessing
evoke:stir up
adamant:unwavering
diffident:self-effacing
overachiever:success
near:draw up to
undeclared:unsaid
stabilize:become stable
wantonness:licentiousness
crest:ridge
settle:put down roots
compartment:stall
immutable:incontrovertible
acquiesce:submit
prefigure:foreshadow
answer:reaction
Monk:preacher
residency:custody
quell:conquer
drench:steep
people:citizens
engineering:manufacturing
tasteful:elegant
inquire:find out
ravage:wreak havoc on
pitcher:jug
holdout:stand firm
introduce:begin
unruliness:rowdiness
orate:give a sermon
lucidness:judgment
pleasing:agreeable
can:canister
stroll:wander
suffer:be diagnosed with
unforgettably:memorably
foregoing:previous
require:demand
support:collaboration
bevy:throng
land:home
valise:bag
jaggedly:unevenly
slanderous:malicious
Tut:coo
direct:put on the right track
unfriendliness:frostiness
objectivity:impartiality
excel:stand out
deflect:bounce
lipstick:makeup
afford:meet the expense of
dismally:grimly
follow:admire
double:bend over
recognized:predictable
thing:device
perplex:confound
bewilder:perplex
license:accredit
earnestness:industriousness
liaise:act as a go-between
detriment:harm
diverge:disagree
sunbeam's:rays
ensnare:catch
situation:job
fuzz:down
timeworn:banal
lend:impart
automatic:natural
overdone:overcooked
bald:receding
blamelessly:spotlessly
reverse:converse
enemy:rival
waggle:wiggle
unanimously:commonly
higher:elevated
set:traditional
marinade:stand
impolite:loutish
tally:square
cleanser:filter
closest:close
support:bear
desertion:abandonment
hurtful:wounding
uninformed:ignorant
colonized:peopled
extent:boundary
inflammatory:stirring
crumpled:wrinkled
lass:teenager
division:splitting up
stony:gravelly
pirouette:turn
humiliated:embarrassed
enticing:alluring
putative:recognized
stringy:tough
as:while
abomination:repugnance
undisputed:acknowledged
improvise:cobble together
mannerly:courtly
hindrance:encumbrance
land:native land
carrying:moving
afford:present
embroider:adorn
Pace:regularity
denseness:slowness
boggy:swampy
spar:arm
corrode:wear away
sorrowing:mournful
register:keep details
point:end
durable:robust
have:take part in
march:development
masterwork:stunning success
incomplete:deficient
mosquito:vampire
unemotional:pokerfaced
vocalization's:native tongue
start:jump
property:belongings
thing:entity
total:totality
Strong:fanatical
brigand:robber
persona:facade
see:envisage
spryly:gaily
lengthwise:end-to-end
cavalcade:convoy
genesis:origins
imprints:track
rejuvenate:restore
citizenry:voters
item:entry
occupy:dwell in
overhaul:fix
rapture:joy
consecration:blessing
impatient:intolerant
building:structure
complex:fixation
aggravating:infuriating
tape:magnetic tape
Muse:cogitate
bearer:holder
imprecisely:roughly
thriller:detective story
wisely:intelligently
vibrantly:vividly
fishy:shifty
high:great
swiftness:rapidity
tenderly:compassionately
great:abundant
furnish:hand
inclement:squally
unintentionally:inadvertently
Begin:start on
palpably:manifestly
pen:author
shrug:nod
idol:statue
radiate:branch out
vandal:thug
shyness:coyness
confederation:union
practicing:involved
square:harmonize
early:premature
misbehaving:mischievous
irritated:annoyed
jealously:enviously
leave:allow
original:first
coffer:strongbox
Crane:winch
each:both
numerical:geometric
sign's:secret code
involving:linking
record:keep a note
swarm:mob
greenness:lushness
brittleness:delicacy
double:fold up
study:analysis
rapacious:predatory
extension:addition
see:go out with
gentlemanly:suave
endeavors:goings-on
relevant:appropriate
dare:defy
fatten:stuff
quaver:warble
demonstrable:sure
desk:school desk
trick:con
comb:rake through
overhang:extend beyond
tease:leg-puller
dullness:tediousness
falsely:erroneously
stymie:stupefy
habitual:persistent
dilapidation:collapse
detail:list
undetermined:unspecified
out:dazed
IN:during
rift:gap
relent:yield
stout:solid
zealot:enthusiast
suggestion:plan
incompatible:contrary
bedazzled:impressed
zaniness:waywardness
prognosticate:prefigure
inauguration:introduction
over:finished
pepper:intersperse
living:breathing
double:twin
waylay:lay in wait for
amiability:good nature
communicable:contagious
SWAT:deck
workplace:headquarters
helper:partner
onerous:time-consuming
vainly:in vain
kickoff:opening
solicit:request
contributory:causal
misconstrue:get the wrong idea about
join:enter
mugginess:stifling heat
expressive:sensitive
familiarize:publicize
VDT:television
twittering:peeping
interminable:perpetual
aglow:aflame
whipping:thumping
good:blameless
interweave:interleave
perplexing:mystifying
bellow:holler
register:record
disobediently:badly
attire:clothes
homeland:home
yen:urge
disloyally:perfidiously
walkout:work to rule
introspective:deep in thought
abnormality:aberration
phony:fake
democratic:independent
preposterous:silly
rigor:thoroughness
bemoan:lament
trap:corner
dramatics:emotional behavior
vulgarly:crudely
shaved:lacking hair
insulate:wad
fasten:tie up
iciness:aloofness
apparently:it appears that
bigmouth:gossip
citizenry:public
blossoming:burgeoning
providentially:beneficially
mischievous:hurtful
enchanting:delightful
big:extensive
garland:swag
rubdown:rub
respite:lull
puffy:swollen
elongate:get longer
pejorative:sniping
brief:fleeting
battlement's:bulwark
fervidly:passionately
protestation:avowal
uphold:sustain
Green:untrained
buff:expert
Head:journey
remark:say
melancholy:unhappiness
farmhouse:building
order:harmony
serialization:entertainment in installments
oaf:klutz
predispose:incline
teasing:wit
throatily:raucously
observe:remark
agreement:understanding
gifted:exceptional
umpire:mediate
penetrating:trenchant
typhoon:tornado
until:in anticipation of
neatness:orderliness
groggily:dazedly
absorption:incorporation
Bush:plant
mawkish:slushy
naively:honestly
gallantly:boldly
unequivocal:definite
transgression:misdemeanor
Sweet:agreeable
bamboozle:trick
impoliteness:loutishness
outlet:conduit
lackadaisically:weakly
trademark:mark
kickback:reward
confident:self-assured
HQ:head office
volley:broadside
closeness:confidence
opportunist:entrepreneur
adventurously:boldly
deform:bend
cutting:wounding
obscure:minor
dislocate:interrupt
display:show
bizarre:weird
mad:nutty
fall:fall over
line:descent
prophesy:see the future
greenness:abundance
light:playful
holdup:raid
likewise:also
widen:expand
resplendently:magnificently
instructive:educational
drizzly:rainy
verity:truth
iniquitous:wicked
massacre:bloodbath
rate:figure
recouping:reclamation
collide:crash
impoverishment:poverty
dwelling:place of abode
bamboozled:puzzled
monument:testament
advertise:broadcast
maudlin:weepy
angry:enraged
gulp:slug
deviate:turn aside
containment:inhibition
trust:protection
accentuate:put the accent on
adventurer:fortune-hunter
distinguishable:noticeable
formulate:make
unequally:one-sidedly
fibrous:gristly
habitual:customary
nonevent:let-down
dependency:dependence
convex:turned in
weathered:windswept
settle:establish yourself
fire:dismiss
adherence:devotion
mark:correct
whine:scream
baptism:beginning
subjugate:subdue
augury:signal
prepare:plan
recover:claim
way:track
finesse:diplomacy
provincial:unfashionable
behold:observe
place's:chairs
Rick:twist
rehabilitate:revitalize
enactment:ratifying
Stern:dour
withdraw:abandon
regulation:alteration
shutting:end
fresh:spanking new
trance:dream
supplies:equipment
prospectus:booklet
beefy:muscular
guardianship:supervision
tallying:toting up
Noble's:aristocracy
discussion's:negotiations
tragically:unfortunately
allow:make available
diffidently:quietly
embolden:make confident
peppery:hot
honorable:praiseworthy
soulless:bleak
communicative:forthcoming
pontificate:be dogmatic
strong:convincing
harmonious:agreeable
bully:tyrant
forgetfully:negligently
boot:snow boot
IN:all the rage
fraught:filled
tenet's:view
strictly:austerely
gatecrasher:interloper
commotion:disturbance
obliterate:destroy
axiomatic:obvious
leanness:sleekness
induct:inaugurate
immovable:steady
dry:unexciting
associate:correlate
rehearse:train
matted:tangled
enervate:weaken
agile:lithe
benefits:remuneration
dictum:clich?
philanthropy:humanity
squirt:spurt
wares:commodities
recoil:wince
aggregate:combined
steal:move unseen
first:pioneer
carbuncle:excrescence
trill:shrill
rest:relax
headlong:head-over-heels
inescapably:manifestly
foxy:crafty
discovered:bare
greet:respond to
vulgarly:grossly
realty:real estate
squawk:cry
reserve:store
ersatz:false
mechanism:system
overheated:agitated
clutter:litter
Chuck:provender
decease:passing
lush:blooming
straight:neat
soporific:hypnotic
glass:wineglass
enviously:resentfully
flask:flagon
multicolored:lively
enlist:sign up
problem:trouble
becalm:lie down
boos:taunts
wheel:swing
riddance:exclusion
miss:skip
wad:portion
asymmetry:irregularity
inspector:assessor
sight:vision
dry:wipe
unhealthful:injurious
association:company
demonstrable:certain
risk:menace
frontier:front line
analysis:psychotherapy
discern:discriminate
inconceivably:impossibly
rhizome:corm
restart:revive
expression:idiom
clever:sharp
decency:wholesomeness
reformation:overhaul
underhanded:deceitful
castoff:second hand
edging:cover
abuse:manipulation
incurable:eternal
indifferently:apathetically
salaried:compensated
getaway:escape
dusky:darkish
aplomb:assurance
treacherously:perfidiously
quicken:speed up
mobster:hoodlum
purely:with the sole purpose
repulsiveness:abhorrence
organically:geologically
goalkeeper:lighthouse keeper
succinctly:in a few words
veal:mutton
clobber:tackle
imprint's:paw marks
door:exit
stingy:tightfisted
clown:comedian
canter:gallop
approvingly:positively
wild:uncontrollable
mistreated:battered
admirer:devotee
connection:relationship
corrupted:degraded
backhanded:sneaky
retrospectively:on second thoughts
supremacy:hegemony
hate:disgust
venomous:lethal
scantiness:lack
handle:deal in
judgment:wisdom
sale:rummage sale
ingrained:inbuilt
variation:reworking
impenetrable:opaque
veil:shroud
spanning:across
motherly:loving
itchy:inflamed
accomplishment's:endeavors
bulge:stick out
junk:second-hand goods
Darling:sweetheart
instrumentalist:performer
facet:face
arrangement:pose
facile:simplistic
psychoanalyst:shrink
refer:submit
principle:theory
debauchery:dissipation
compromise:deal
lapse:time lag
reconnaissance:scouting
appetizer:taster
Bond:attach
flourish:thrive
frosted:snowy
fan:puff
top:maximum
real:sincere
affidavit:confirmation
Superior:aloof
sympathetically:kindly
oasis:sanctuary
loiter:hang around
uninjured:undamaged
continuation:prolongation
augmentation:escalation
mordant:acerbic
babyhood:childhood
tantamount:synonymous
quadrangle:parallelogram
destructively:belligerently
sprout:germinate
garner:get
whimper:snivel
providence:fate
unsatisfied:displeased
Key:significant
indecisive:unhelpful
repartee:banter
fund:bank
particularized:particular
brew:blend
schoolgirl:lass
browbeat:nag
integral:internal
fluctuating:unpredictable
reduced:summary
sandal's:flip-flops
Hector:bully
help:rally round
seltzer:carbonated water
insularity:blinkeredness
sage:erudite
derisory:laughable
line:frontier
bravado:boldness
mirth:glee
line:parentage
cadence:stroke
main:major
tastefully:discerningly
bother:problem
lees:deposit
Mill:pound
hideout:hiding place
understand:cotton on
diagnose:spot
control:oppress
disallow:forbid
minimalism:simplicity
confusion:muddle
removed:impassive
familiar:comfortable
mascara:foundation
cottage:log cabin
dogmatic:narrow
airtight:hermetically sealed
take:secure
state:state-run
group:set
harmonious:corresponding
Superior:elder
languorously:torpidly
continued:continuous
sleep:have a lie-down
inarticulate:faltering
gracefully:charmingly
mine:colliery
shear:clip
wreath:circlet
direct:nonstop
needlework:sewing
digression:excursion
demo:presentation
prickle:quill
sharp:angry
thrashing:beating
burnish:polish
disarray:dismay
aridity:dryness
colossally:considerably
manage:run
unhappily:sadly
research:delve into
glumly:solemnly
legends:tradition
bleakness:dreariness
exasperated:maddened
good:polite
hidebound:provincial
elfin:waiflike
share:portion
excellently:brilliantly
tantalize:torture
jamboree:shindig
asset's:material goods
impropriety:indecency
quiver:vibrate
recant:withdraw
translucent:see-through
revolver:pistol
luster:sheen
policewoman:detective
inelegantly:gawkily
pacemaker:innovator
gala:ball
bed:stratum
careful:vigilant
propitious:bodes well
recognition:acknowledgment
cutlery:crockery
famously:extremely well
scriptwriter:playwright
highly:decidedly
cover:cover up
recondition:clean
diffuse:scatter
pleasingly:enjoyably
revulsion:loathing
custodian:caretaker
Peace:freedom from strife
proscription:forbidding
waif:thing
companionable:comfortable
Rather:sooner
chattels:goods
unhurt:undamaged
defame:vilify
well:agreeably
profanation:heretical doctrine
uselessness:needlessness
publicly:openly
tier:layer
outside:out of
parenthetically:by the way
unrehearsed:spur-of-the-moment
especially:outstandingly
thus:as a result
fiber:yarn
burlesque:imitation
improper:unseemly
diplomat:tactician
smolder:glow
superstitious:gullible
coffin:casket
brashly:boldly
walkout:stop work
brainwash:program
Hunt:search
crazy:passionate
delinquent:criminal
technology:know-how
inoperable:terminal
bunker:hollow
publish:circulate
overdrawn:in the red
proxy:substitute
zip:nothing
poor:mediocre
first:foremost
seafaring:oceangoing
psychoanalysis:analysis
catch:grab
abominable:monstrous
colloquy:seminar
shudder:trembling
tight:difficult
finely:translucently
extra:spare
sporadically:occasionally
delay:hesitate
indignity:embarrassment
truth:integrity
wakeful:on guard
deploy:set up
contain:hold back
toboggan:sledge
vexing:incommodious
title:cup
tee:top
malarkey:hot air
load's:many
infuse:fill
brooch:pin
insubstantial:light
frenziedly:violently
getaway:retreat
tell:reveal
perilously:terrifyingly
transversely:diagonally
avaricious:rapacious
demonstration:protest rally
loathsome:hateful
cabal:sect
unintentional:involuntary
radiant:beaming
miss:pass on
scoff:make fun of
jeopardy:danger
aching:sensitive
polarity:split
striped:lined
disorientation:incomprehension
compromise:settlement
creased:crinkly
important:valuable
inarticulate:unintelligible
preserve:keep
lighthearted:frivolous
unlearned:untutored
oceangoing:seagoing
worst:most awful
dishonor:shame
granting:giving way
anti:defiant
desperate:acute
mouth:entrance
negligently:forgetfully
marinade:immerse
jumper:hurdler
censoriously:frowningly
droop:wilt
bait:tempt
unpremeditated:not deliberate
remiss:inconsistent
care:carefulness
Job:affair
dubiety:dubiousness
after:past
unconvinced:disbelieving
svelte:slim
facet:surface
Crick:pull
warlike:warring
standoff:face-off
close:obstruct
graceless:inelegant
finite:restricted
arrange:place
moistly:juicily
cop:filch
despairing:long-suffering
mistake:inaccuracy
inauguration:setting up
Day:daytime
believe:accept as true
gadabout:wander
commiserate:empathize
testify:bear witness
lecture:telling off
connote:lead to
inanely:stupidly
random:haphazard
accurateness:truth
seminal:decisive
Madden:wind you up
overextend:strain
remembering:detection
repugnant:revolting
homecoming:return
additional:further
readily:voluntarily
spirit's:morale
contiguous:close
optimistically:brightly
discomforted:self-conscious
assured:self-assured
downer:discouragement
perturb:agitate
commendation:approval
parish:community
richly:ornately
barracks:billet
unbridled:uncontrolled
rim:circumference
poky:plodding
discomposure:discomfort
somersault:flip
liquidate:settle
huddle:mass
check:score
concerned:disturbed
death:downfall
abashed:confused
milieu:background
smut:scandal
indecisively:ditheringly
backer:benefactor
frolic:let down your hair
chaff:repartee
secure:make safe
Sharp:brusque
detention:incarceration
slaughter:killing
care:worry
ferociously:brutally
promulgate:propagate
straight:consecutive
dissident:rebel
bombastic:pompous
frugally:parsimoniously
planed:polished
fib:fake
job:task
defeatist:fatalistic
poisonous:toxic
imagination:thoughts
dank:wet
gawky:gangling
enlivening:stimulating
surmise:conclude
look:seem to be
surge:swell
bedbugs:fleas
protracted:prolonged
sanely:coherently
advantage's:compensation
fine:sunny
talkativeness:fluency
exude:discharge
forgo:go without
line:approach
proof:resistant
sourly:resentfully
offensively:nastily
duplicity:fraudulence
come:draw closer
driftwood:debris
extremism:radicalism
authorize:give permission
enthuse:be passionate about
add:add together
heavily:thickly
bushy:thick
diligently:assiduously
familiarly:cozily
adjournment:recess
chubby:fat
perfunctorily:unconsciously
freshen:ventilate
aromatic:fragrant
glamor:attraction
swelling:enlargement
overextend:go too far
marooned:abandoned
expertness:dexterity
text:textbook
through:from side to side
well:sound
offer:submit
astuteness:shrewdness
need:requirement
glutton:foodie
mannequin:dressmaker's dummy
admirer:aficionada
check:buttress
tally:reckoning
upscale:chic
fuzziness:furriness
familiar:well-known
groove:furrow
astringent:contracting
restrict:hold back
flatteringly:appreciatively
profligacy:wastefulness
intricacies:minutiae
curved:curled
anew:one more
impulsion:momentum
heavyweight:hardwearing
guzzle:gobble
highly:substantially
sprout:bud
richness:fertility
engrossing:enthralling
hastiness:impetuosity
skimpy:meager
sift:select
incapacity:failure
lie:story
wad:stack
clippers:cutters
happenings:endeavors
blameless:clean
huskiness:hoarseness
dump:throw
skeletal:very thin
crookedness:evasiveness
kindle:rouse
just:merely
watching:scrutiny
Stark:completely
Mandarin:official
aid:serve
chafe:rub
pull:injure
twitch:spasm
stagnate:rot
demure:shy
device:plan
magnate:industrialist
campaign:movement
discouraged:dispirited
decadence:self-indulgence
outmoded:unfashionable
grouch:grouse
taking:intriguing
perpetuate:maintain
alternatively:otherwise
aerobatics:turns in the air
ferry:ship
pendant:locket
usual:accustomed
gash:slash
More's:way of life
hectic:excited
dent:lessen
incorruptible:honorable
larger:superior
mesmerized:awestruck
minimize:underestimate
roughness:ambiguity
seafaring:maritime
armament:shield
readily:willingly
tilted:twisted
administration:paperwork
besides:further
generation:age band
connect:relate
cheerily:optimistically
venom:poison
figurative:emblematic
view:panorama
handsome:striking
abode:quarters
associate:relate
progress:grow
imprecise:ill-defined
rainy:drizzling
intractable:willful
exemplar:prototype
falling:lessening
worn:dilapidated
bleached:faded
disarrangement:disruption
harangue:rant
squeal:screech
sweetness:agreeableness
snowbound:cut off
inadequately:improperly
sympathize:express sympathy
strangeness:oddity
dint:dip
sure:absolutely
emanation:giving out
frontier:edge
somewhere:someplace
area:section
vault:jump
superior:senior
wrangling:internal strife
patina:polish
store:accumulate
overkill:overload
for:instead of
peevishly:meanly
establish:begin
inoffensive:unobjectionable
catch:bump
genuflect:prostrate yourself before
discordant:dissonant
DNA:RNA
prevaricate:stall
mediators:peace corps
enormity:abomination
meager:too little
cape:wrap
rough:arduous
forlornly:desperately
displeasure:unhappiness
contribution:say
into:hooked on
grandly:luxuriously
tirelessly:assiduously
trashed:all over the place
countersign:support
difficult:testing
ring:halo
pushiness:determination
give:end
cost:expense
valuable:beneficial
beginnings:initial stages
Bob:bobble
harness:attach
outside:faint
dangerous:hazardous
overweight:stout
mutilation:injury
hospitably:kindly
window:windowpane
mouth:say
event:aftermath
conquer:surmount
public:open
evacuate:remove from
help:good thing
unorthodox:revolutionary
conduction:transfer
inlay:hatch
today:at the moment
we'll:pleasingly
profusely:abundantly
macabre:gruesome
cowardice:weakness
gag:retch
hair:mane
discouragingly:adversely
once:previously
metaphorical:figurative
looter:burglar
souse:cover
respectfully:considerately
arrived:at home
quaver:vibrate
formless:shapeless
beginning:commencement
holdout:stand fast
purely:simply
public:freely available
spend:throw away
federation:confederacy
account:balance
settler:colonizer
dogmatic:strict
preparedness:watchfulness
busted:broken
cipher:symbols
crater:low spot
rewrite:revise
days:time
seepage:discharge
hem:edge
landmark:pointer
score:mark
animal:living thing
teasing:banter
operate:function
repeal:retract
advertise:promote
working's:works
unappreciative:ungrateful
eminence:prominence
marbled:veined
armlet:wristlet
bead:globule
youthful:young
associates:friends
Darling:beloved
tantrum's:bad temper
twinge:pain
buffoon:clown
predictor:judge
fawn:brown
distinction:division
expandable:flexible
unscrew:loosen
peacefully:serenely
overjoyed:jubilant
Dare:have the nerve
spectacle:scene
ferret:furrow
stealthy:secret
Tell:instruct
nakedness:exposure
deliberate:premeditated
demand:petition
embolden:vitalize
bouncy:bubbly
diplomacy:discretion
unwitting:unaware
antiquated:out of date
borough:district
strength:power
presence:aura
painful:excruciating
insinuation:suggestion
sorting:organization
jeer:mock
tell:discover
communicable:catching
surliness:unsociability
virtue:good feature
profundity:philosophical statement
rustler:thief
determine:shape
persuade:change somebody's mind
pedagogical:tutorial
epidemic:sweeping
sundries:hodgepodge
smolder:rage
lottery:gamble
masterpiece:tour de force
apprehensive:uneasy
imputation:allegation
distribute:circulate
stage:stand
pleasurably:agreeably
bumper:jumbo
lukewarm:unenthusiastic
heckle:express disapproval
hokum:hogwash
glorification:exaltation
reproach:reprimand
aptitude:talent
superlative:unparalleled
study:reading
write:compose
corpus:quantity
texture:quality
twirl:snake
casualty:object
chronicle:report
debunk:throw light on
only:single
most:a large amount
deadliness:monotony
carry:transfer
handshake:grip
evasive:elusive
unleash:set free
jotting:squiggle
vertigo:unsteadiness
erudition:education
honoring:veneration
fathomless:great
misconstrue:misinterpret
area:quarter
tailgate:hatchback
baldly:flatly
Kit:bits and pieces
remit:lessen
eccentrically:fantastically
recollect:think of
unsympathetic:uncaring
automation:mechanization
channel:route
contract:hire
minion:hanger-on
unloved:insufferable
taxing:tough
large:fat
sure:certainly
preventive:precautionary
Superior:above
solidify:freeze
warn:advise
denouncement:insult
jauntily:cheerfully
disfigurement:blemish
empathize:have compassion
quell:quash
scrape:pickle
proscribe:prohibit
Pacific:relaxing
land's:park
revive:show again
nobility:goodness
serenely:with composure
artificial:feigned
breaker's:waves
tattered:badly dressed
vivid:glowing
limit:constraint
stalk:haunt
delicacy:tact
freedom:free expression
assent:consent
dimwitted:unintelligent
squall:storm
Innocent:above suspicion
tyrannize:oppress
benefactor:backer
obese:large
remonstrate:oppose
ritzy:glamorous
impartial:neutral
stalemate:draw
Snake:twist
execrable:repulsive
flock:form a group
batten:close
roguish:malicious
mingle:join
degree:notch
rejected:cast off
nervously:fearfully
wager:bet
Crick:spasm
NOW:at the moment
transcend:outdo
have:exhibit
prosperous:well-off
purifier:filter
rigor:meticulousness
hectically:chaotically
period:point
practically:almost
burdensome:oppressive
nosh:provide for
mountaineer:rock climber
babyish:infantile
follow:chart
offered:to be had
malformed:distorted
maxim:aphorism
slit:incision
stick:bond
head:supervisor
front:overlook
employee's:staff
underworld:criminal world
subservient:compliant
excessive:extreme
reserved:unfriendly
harmonious:balanced
insurgence:mutiny
gap:inequality
distinctively:specifically
wagon:car
consoling:cheering
fiery:hot
meaty:brawny
frivolously:trivially
mystify:confuse
sorrow:be distressed
undersized:puny
insular:narrow-minded
touchingly:emotively
dissatisfy:displease
silly:harebrained
precipitate:advance
album:photo album
House:semi-detached
new:modern
heightened:sensitive
frantically:frenetically
channel:ditch
jingle:chorus
individual:personality
fleck:dot
grapple:struggle
validation:corroboration
quavering:unsteady
fatefully:disappointingly
bequest:inheritance
electric:stimulating
forfeit:give up
seriously:genuinely
fussily:scrupulously
flying:fleeting
staple:principal
trundle:roll
ungratefully:unthankfully
airy:spacious
influenza:cold
gunfire:firing
imprecise:fuzzy
bleacher:seating
richness:depth
perfect:picture perfect
amplification:further explanation
direct:command
formidable:dreadful
heartrending:pitiful
tinge:suggestion
casually:offhandedly
dither:waste time
surreal:unreal
and:in addition to
sequins:glitter
counterfeiter:faker
genuine:unadulterated
homogeneously:equivalently
coincident:immediate
carve:slice
serviceable:helpful
palpitate:beat
gleam:sparkle
dominion:colony
ingenuously:frankly
respectably:reasonably
descriptions:metaphors
stony:pebbly
authority:organization
phobic:overanxious
chartering:rental
battering:mauling
dawning:origin
rest:time-out
footprints:track
excellent:superb
ignore:turn your back on
elbowroom:workspace
overabundance:flood
pert:animated
trashed:chaotic
shape:form
slanderous:defamatory
quarrelsome:hot-tempered
skillfully:proficiently
outcropping:extension
afire:aflame
catnap:sleep
tarnish:dull
internment:confinement
people:community
heavy:burdensome
ahead:upfront
unstoppable:inevitable
wile:hoax
bother:vexation
flop:washout
mellow:soft
traitor:collaborator
shadowy:ghostly
relapse:worsen
Chance:option
recapitulate:summarize
refreshment's:drinks
straight:law-abiding
accurateness:exactness
senselessly:uselessly
distribute:dispense
memoir's:chronicle
progression:chain
soften:relax
tedious:wearying
unwillingly:grudgingly
manifest:apparent
magnificently:well
provident:visionary
interval:interlude
intuition:instinct
outspread:unfolded
subdued:restrained
appall:sicken
wistfully:regretfully
handiness:usefulness
creature:animal
PA:helper
appendage:limb
seek:try to find
seethe:churn
deplete:exhaust
suffice:do
dirge:lament
hairsplitting:being fussy
especial:marked
tragically:sadly
reworking:alternative
crusade:struggle
overreach:overextend
firmness:stability
film's:pictures
forebear's:pedigree
ills:troubles
separatist:pro-self-rule
remnants:leftovers
blistering:baking
frayed:worn
red:crimson
sweetie:dear
drought:dearth
faultfinding:unappealing
pickings:swag
Harry:irritate
dubious:ambiguous
doleful:depressing
impenitent:unremorseful
nuance:hint
unthinkable:extraordinary
watch:look at
indiscriminately:accidentally
lurid:striking
Cross:obstruct
evasion:shirking
collation:banquet
artfulness:artifice
adore:be crazy about
affirm:establish
defamation:slur
profanation:unorthodoxy
obsessive:neurotic
scraped:shabby
surreptitious:sneaky
intimated:shamefaced
hefty:heavily built
Walls:bulwark
approval:authorization
civilize:refine
execrable:disgusting
imposition:annoyance
copiously:plentifully
bad:flawed
unsociable:unfriendly
tendon:ligament
will:spirit
fine:keen
setting:site
scouting:reconnaissance
showy:ostentatious
harmonize:go with
roughness:force
summary:swift
reproduce:repeat
convinced:confident
speck:crumb
displeasure:anger
booty:treasure
publicize:expose
vivacious:effervescent
control:limit
footsteps:route
gouge:gash
movement:change
run:stretch
grouch:moan
perplex:puzzle
rebel:radical
Cotton:fiber
affair's:interaction
Root:rifle
inconveniently:tiresomely
hedge:beat around the bush
disloyal:unfaithful
dotty:foolish
doggerel:free verse
itemize:list
transcribe:copy out
reluctant:disinclined
nobleness:decency
Chuck:throw away
dankness:staleness
resoluteness:steadfastness
fervidly:strongly
concerning:as to
nonviolence:passivity
crinkle:wrinkle
bad:wicked
Begin:embark on
individual:human being
discouraged:dejected
evade:dodge
notch:indentation
immorally:dissolutely
tractable:obedient
befuddle:confound
misunderstand:get the wrong impression
dearth:deficiency
casket:treasure chest
breakthrough:wear down
fancy:conjure
rashness:imprudence
dressy:chic
spanking:perfect
scram:run off
untroubled:peaceful
church:house of worship
kowtow:be traditional
when:as
firm:rigid
deep:profound
amiability:friendliness
bustle:hum
camouflage:obscure
aversion:loathing
tutelage:auspices
hulking:large
recommend:advise
summarily:straight away
subvert:threaten
jauntiness:briskness
wield:ply
queue:file
lying:double-dealing
ponderous:cumbersome
vengeance:retaliation
handling:managing
ask:solicit
alleyway:path
unplanned:unintentional
safe:in safe hands
playful:full of beans
qualm:repentance
crooked:illegal
memorial:commemorative plaque
wasteland:wilderness
slap:blow
believed:alleged
raging:uncontrolled
intermediaries:peacekeeping troops
news:news update
reinstatement:replacement
make:turn out
spice:color
entrance:foyer
symbolize:suggest
bribe:buy off
ragged:raggedy
sociably:kindly
domineer:persecute
knothole:vantage point
exemplary:cautionary
blushing:coy
skeptical:unconvinced
highbrow:one of the intelligentsia
fallow:crop-free
fluency:facility
vision:sight
demand:claim
revival:resuscitation
boastful:vain
Grant:present
bile:rage
skinny:lean
twinkle:gleam
determined:unwavering
decide:finish
sullen:grim
cold:chill
unlawful:illicit
arrangement:agreement
sturdy:robust
thoroughly:exhaustively
seize:sequester
gumption:horse sense
finicky:picky
ignite:provoke
triumphantly:jubilantly
fluorescent:luminous
resistant:dead set against
vitally:essentially
give:bequeath
budget:finances
ail:be ill
productively:usefully
House:line
painful:agonizing
exercise:apply
missionary:disciple
slump:crash
misapprehend:misjudge
delinquent:criminal
petite:elfin
offensive:odious
ugly:repulsive
relate:associate
tact:diplomacy
component:part
dispossessed:cast out
thump:thud
muster:congregation
image:picture
magnetic:attractive
concomitant:parallel
spouse:other half
assuage:mollify
truth:fact
perennial:constant
bottleneck:block
appall:shock
parched:burnt
capital:investment
write:note down
Vandal:hooligan
ostracized:disliked
submarine:underwater
napkin:rag
tenancy:lease
she'd:hut
headdress:diadem
rush:current
creaky:rusty
remembrance:recollection
Gross:whole
blissful:enjoyable
intelligently:brightly
unpolluted:fresh
place:rank
Little:tiny
gumption:nerve
redress:restore
glib:convincing
prescient:perceptive
overact:ham it up
ungrammatical:inexact
aid:promote
erupt:fly off the handle
reverberations:after effects
now:instantly
campaign:push
expurgate:clean up
penetrating:thorough
epidemic:endemic
canal:tube
quote:give an estimate
rush:hurry
boos:name calling
grant:approve of
disadvantageous:troublesome
dingy:dirty
thunderstruck:bowled over
disrupting:unruly
choke:strangle
Swift:expeditious
outward:noticeable
pause:suspend what you are doing
fascination:attraction
glide:slide along
chronicle:history
swarming:teeming
dearest:darling
unconsciously:involuntarily
augury:indication
brighten:enhance
temporary:short-lived
unbeatable:unconquerable
tantrum:fit
immovably:unbendingly
very:precise
regret:feel sorry
peep:squeak
hard:durable
within:contained by
niggle:bother
unfitting:tasteless
unthinking:intuitive
fall:tumble
evict:force to leave
wholesomeness:honesty
throw:confuse
drudge:work hard
rewarding:gratifying
normally:generally
picture:describe
brittleness:delicate state
embezzle:cheat
significantly:much
entry:doorway
suspect:odd
carefulness:caution
virtue:good worth
aggravation:exasperation
camaraderie:comradeship
respectful:reverent
rapacity:covetousness
coax:win over
tactic's:devices
hospice:sanatorium
wrongheadedness:determination
fast:quickly
fatiguing:grueling
during:at some point in
flay:lash
notes:annotations
die:breathe your last breath
hold:call together
cohere:fit together
Bud:flower
seller:retailer
cellphone:phone
inadmissible:not allowed
flabbergast:astonish
meet:know
acrobatic:gymnastic
existing:accessible
erratic:changeable
unroll:undo
microscopic:atomic
tardy:delayed
mischief:trouble
transitory:temporary
Enterprise:venture
critique:evaluate
restoration:renewal
Buck:cash
showdown:row
sullenly:crossly
irritate:make itch
conscientious:reliable
misunderstand:misinterpret
Turkey:fiasco
studious:bookish
liner:inside layer
artery:road
teeter:rock
peaked:worn out
bring:make
slump:drop
covenant:contract
especially:above all
Crystal:gemstone
difficulty:hurdle
attenuation:lessening
pass:go beyond
bandage:dress
cram:mug up
colorfully:excitingly
whenever:when on earth
collectivist:collective
judge:make up your mind
unevenly:erratically
antechamber:hall
flat:invariable
whet:stimulate
course:run
stunted:little
disorderliness:messiness
knock:beat
harmful:detrimental
brainstorm:inspiration
support:shore up
often:a lot
support:sponsor
vetoed:barred
scene:vista
particularly:predominantly
plantation:cultivated area
tight:rigid
extend:lengthen
reproachful:accusing
prehistoric:out-of-date
incomplete:short
leaden:grim
statute:order
vase:bottle
flustered:disconcerted
Pole:opposite
elected:chosen
ugliness:spitefulness
colossally:greatly
fix:con
parallel:comparable
navigation:map-reading
leaves:grass
freebie:hand-out
vestige's:remnants
whimsy:daydream
relinquish:resign
runnel:channel
hefty:large
fearful:worried
assail:attack
pictorial:vivid
register:record
crisp:nippy
leach:seep
flap:panic
unbolt:open
fatigued:done in
disown:reject
direct:honest
aptitude:capacity
irreligious:ungodly
fail:disappoint
plum:award
peep:chirp
fixed:hard and fast
absolute:conclusive
lotion:liniment
harm's:evils
crave:want
breakup:come between
ungovernable:intractable
homecoming:arrival
frame:edge
containment:repression
narrator:reporter
nonchalance:insouciance
marrow:core
exultation:jubilation
underweight:half-starved
insensible:unfeeling
note:log
organized:prearranged
mogul:industrialist
raise:cause
problem:puzzle
chirp:pipe
pluckiness:determinedness
Josh:chaff
lyricist:bard
therapist:psychoanalyst
security:safekeeping
scolding:admonishment
overstate:overemphasize
involve:embroil
store:lumber room
sale:trade
recover:regain
broken:kaput
stringently:harshly
afternoon:morning
torrential:bucketing
satisfy:meet with
delectable:luscious
activation:opening
certain:evident
coolness:self-confidence
buff:off-white
big:immense
try:judge
useful:of use
prowess:expertise
agreement:deal
pliant:biddable
miasma:cloud
unimaginable:beyond belief
liberality:bigheartedness
haunt:bother
loudmouthed:brash
aggrieved:distressed
downsize:scale back
collusion:knowledge
colonial:royally
intermediaries:disinterested party
thump:knock
unraveling:straightening out
fringes:environs
stony:flinty
Buck:fly in the face of
laceration:tear
colonial:majestic
foretell:prefigure
Caterpillar:maggot
tally:count
conversation:discussion
grievance:wrong
cutoff:interrupt
peaked:sharp
helpfully:attentively
lurch:roll
harangue:lecture
extrication:release
suspend:hang
maxim:dictum
wobble:vibrate
cry:call
bereavement:sorrow
late:in the dead of night
livelihood:work
unscramble:order
pick:choose
chatter:talk
melanoma:sarcoma
jumbled:in a state
flatness:smoothness
uninjured:unharmed
deploy:install
insistently:adamantly
disbursement:payment
irritably:tetchily
clasp:grasp
gaudily:luridly
tautly:straight
peevishly:crankily
bloc:syndicate
wile's:deceit
dissection:categorization
Advent:dawn
failure:collapse
gray:lifeless
phone:buzz
discomfiting:disconcerting
breakers:surf
bashful:blushing
binding:edging
remit:pass on
thickly:densely
induct:receive
enthusiastically:passionately
hide:not tell
melodic:pleasant-sounding
trinkets:charms
concern:disquiet
butcher:exterminate
green:natural
schooling:teaching
intimidating:scary
eat:devour
persevering:adamant
applaud:put your hands together
inedible:bad
uncharacteristic:atypical
possessions:assets
serve:complete
absolutism:despotism
lastingly:everlastingly
pay:fee
flawlessly:spotlessly
implements:equipment
excruciating:cringe-making
incomparable:unsurpassed
ridged:wavy
graze:abrade
fateful:tragic
definitely:absolutely
barefaced:unashamed
inflammable:combustible
Concord:agreement
paling:fence
malaise:disquiet
eclipse:overshadow
coated:layered
vocation:craft
pare:prepare
malarkey:double-talk
yearning:yen
stooped:deformed
monopolize:take over
inflate:embellish
outward:superficial
navigate:pilot
phenomenon:prodigy
agog:enthusiastic
puzzler:teaser
chug:large mouthful
monotonously:drearily
view:standpoint
hallucination:figment of the imagination
definiteness:assuredness
invader:raider
Orange:red
abomination:loathing
tenant:lessee
platitude:banality
spitefully:unkindly
insolence:rudeness
mantle:responsibility
unintelligible:jumbled
drape:wrap
later:shortly
stride:tramp
alight:get off
fearlessness:heroism
painful:terrible
figure:assume
valuation:survey
invigorating:stimulating
chilling:unnerving
window:graphic
quote:recite
china:porcelain
livid:beside yourself
livid:furious
negative:unconstructive
vileness:wickedness
irregular:asymmetrical
beached:run aground
anything:everything
guise:get-up
syntax:sentence structure
variation:modification
cultivated:cultured
shore:seashore
shockingly:disgracefully
close:on your doorstep
reaffirm:say again
turnoff:displease
curfew:embargo
discerning:sharp
label:make
feverish:intense
almost:about
characterize:exemplify
turnoff:deactivate
reinforce:fortify
loathed:insufferable
suspicion:suggestion
sanction:approval
sour:harm
leaky:absorbent
burgeon:mushroom
sidelong:indirect
daily:each day
unsurpassed:unequaled
Leach:percolate
memoir's:autobiography
ironical:just typical
wheeze:pant
plot:story
inexorably:inescapably
encourage:cheer
hurry:speed up
weave:twist
maladroit:all thumbs
disreputably:scandalously
sour:spoil
maul:pan
matted:entangled
predominant:chief
imbibe:drink
commendable:praiseworthy
monumental:colossal
programmed:automatic
wheezing:puffed
survey:measure
butchery:bloodshed
part:branch
mid:normal
excellence:fineness
weir:boom
dagger:blade
pleat:gather
anodyne:antiseptic
edit:rewrite
pretentiously:affectedly
duty:payment
austerity:seriousness
almost:approximately
marriage:marriage ceremony
uneventful:unexciting
faultfinding:uncomplimentary
transfer:sign over
committee:group
shrill:high-pitched
adroit:dexterous
delinquency:criminal behavior
inept:bungling
receptivity:interest
motif:image
undefeated:unbeatable
fiber:character
cutter:reaper
deliberate:intentional
formal:stiff
premonition:sign
list:register
cogency:clear thought
guile:cleverness
torrential:driving
skit:sketch
broadcast:show
requite:revenge yourself
vaccinate:immunize
bestseller:chartbuster
beautiful:fine-looking
unmitigated:utter
specific:feature
center:hub
interact:act together
slightness:insignificance
HI:see you later
replete:complete
magic:moving
office:staff
prone:flat
claptrap:twaddle
beleaguered:stressed
turnout:send away
problem:question
broadcast:show
cushion:moderate
trees:vegetation
cloak:facade
jubilee:silver jubilee
awkward:tricky
sleepy:heavy-eyed
demands:weight
ever:still
bead:droplet
jump:get a fright
therapeutic:remedial
reevaluate:reassess
passivity:submissiveness
nightshirt:pajamas
community:the public
insurgent:guerrilla
attentive:conscientious
beleaguered:besieged
liberality:munificence
face:challenge
couple:fasten
teeny:wee
monumental:massive
serenely:coolly
cobblestone:paved
collegiate:removed
snobbish:patronizing
mockingly:scornfully
recompense:repayment
comfy:restful
unprofitable:unsuccessful
emancipation:unrestraint
harbor:shelter
demarcation:border line
Almighty:supreme
truthfulness:straightforwardness
modernism:improvement
plum:choice
page:piece of paper
espouse:promote
carve:cut up
disorderly:unmanageable
flat:unequivocal
rampage:charge
awkwardly:uncomfortably
relentless:ruthless
swanky:classy
intractable:difficult
teeming:heaving
soulless:dismal
sweetly:agreeably
glee:merriment
foolishly:idiotically
clump:cluster
underling:assistant
idea:opinion
dreadfully:extremely
industrially:technologically
unaccompanied:by yourself
commonplace:humdrum
perfidious:lying
unintelligibly:awkwardly
briefly:quickly
stuff:jam
aside:apart
regardless:apart from
painkiller:general anesthetic
prized:award-winning
circumscribe:define
court:invite
charge:expense
tarmac:tar
invigorate:revitalize
debasing:unbecoming
force:oblige
smear:blotch
scent:cologne
initially:in the beginning
guide:funnel
overage:extra
pleat:crimp
fancy:consider
slaughter:defeat
oblique:slanted
collapse:fall down
guide:lead
obliterate:eradicate
tainted:stained
adulteration:tarnishing
cut:cut down
take:bring
seepage:leaching
worn:tatty
spectacularly:wonderfully
unfit:unhealthy
powerfully:emotively
perimeter:boundary
raw:sensitive
unscrupulous:ruthless
roguishly:mischievously
hardhearted:unemotional
occupy:use
piddling:paltry
kindle:stimulate
splinter:fragment
provenance:origin
bellicose:argumentative
unproven:untried
pampas:lowland
graze:rub
embroidered:blown up
flawless:faultless
inclement:stormy
smother:suffocate
vivaciousness:exuberance
may:may possibly
sexless:androgynous
Tell:gossip
bloom:grow
model:sculpt
expropriate:annex
stiletto:dagger
electioneer:election team member
abstruse:profound
Creator:originator
bathing:swim
spoiled:blemished
advanced:superior
class:brand
wild:foolish
indisputable:incontestable
flabby:soft
pitifully:miserably
arouse:stir
core:essence
crag:rock face
zigzagging:circuitousness
apprehend:stop
orphan:urchin
reflexive:automatic
sincerely:truthfully
expressiveness:self-expression
interconnect:intersect
obstreperous:sulky
goo:slime
jaundiced:pessimistic
beseech:request
haggle:quibble
nit:tick
Gross:foul
transporter:delivery service
bard:rhymester
enthusiastically:avidly
delicately:pleasantly
seer:psychic
rosy:optimistic
limitless:boundless
stroll:wander
joyful:carefree
demonstrative:friendly
interlink:interleave
fast:fixed
esteemed:well-regarded
guide:guidebook
outside:unlikely
articulateness:self-expression
mull:think about
governess:lecturer
karma:fortune
shattering:devastating
thin:dilute
fluidly:gracefully
visit:stay at
unfashionable:behind the times
soaking:sodden
act:achievement
erstwhile:one-time
wrinkle:crumple
twirl:loop
budge:shove
revival:resurgence
Good:superior
shielded:secured
proactive:hands-on
indecisiveness:contradictory nature
canvas:print
Young:babies
reassign:shift
change:cash
littered:besieged
whimsical:fanciful
diametrically:absolutely
temperamental:moody
hold:have
freelancer:service provider
elusiveness:indistinctness
nervously:timidly
disobediently:defiantly
socialize:party
harass:trouble
touch:touch a chord
interpose:punctuate
fearfulness:alarm
tie:relation
troublesome:unmanageable
control:check
impoverish:deplete
enormity:atrociousness
Green:immature
detect:expose
unimaginative:lackluster
unshakable:unswerving
weather:come through
pronged:branched
elating:thrilling
arrears:sum unpaid
clench:scrunch
maul:attack
inflated:overstated
unite:join in wedlock
preset:predetermined
freshness:brightness
seepage:ooze
pick:cream of the crop
adhesion:bond
reprimand:warning
absorption:concentration
criticize:condemn
Rover:rolling stone
shackle's:fetters
Sweet:sugary
inmate:convict
henna:tint
dampen:wet
library:documentation
precinct:quarter
ail:be the matter with
esteemed:venerated
hemorrhage:bleed profusely
celebrity:luminary
reassurance:assurance
prominence:fame
obtain:acquire
responsibly:maturely
outlying:far-off
frosty:cool
bunting:streamer
innumerable:infinite
unequal:imbalanced
words:vocabulary
admirer:lover
local:resident
rapid:speedy
gallery:balcony
plantation:agricultural estate
session:gathering
church:minster
cement:stick
canon:rule
individual:being
disfigured:stained
bathos:comedown
spiritualist:mind reader
close:packed
zealously:enthusiastically
hamlet:rural community
cutoff:cut short
sheath:covering
breathtaking:out of this world
find:recover
chauvinism:bigotry
loudly:noisily
antics:tricks
error:slip
heed:regard
hold:clasp
rare:atypical
ranch:sheep farm
dizzy:flighty
sensational:startling
combatant:enemy
kiosk:cabin
grownup:sensible
lot:set
tepid:halfhearted
gird:fix
Land:arrive
strength:dilution
ends:trimmings
rascally:playful
indispensably:crucially
acknowledgment:acceptance
nippy:chilly
profoundly:extremely
severely:sternly
gourmand:gastronome
temperamental:up and down
hide:buckskin
flag:banner
injection:booster
siren:distress signal
mores:background
sweetheart:sweetie
jailed:confined
imprint's:trace
couch:dress up
turbulent:tumultuous
allow:agree to
stop:stop off
liberalism:open-mindedness
wilds:backwoods
package:embalm
unintelligibly:indistinctly
incandescent:bright
contrary:opposite
blotchy:freckled
tartly:bitterly
Long:lingering
infuse:pervade
arise:rise
deadbeat:tired
representation:complaint
jaw:jawbone
tenuous:questionable
stricture:constraint
aplomb:self-confidence
flashy:ostentatious
uncoil:disentangle
Set:get hard
hide:take cover
almanac:encyclopedia
Son:youngster
equable:composed
speech:oral communication
conflagration:forest fire
engross:absorb
arraign:charge
ring:air
animation:activity
wide:thick
battlements:ramparts
embrace:accept
dictum:express wish
intoxicated:drunk
view:idea
untruthfully:misleadingly
found:set up
leeway:latitude
ascribe:blame on
worsening:aggravation
unpack:take out
elevated:important
arise:develop
Brain:understanding
drabness:cheerlessness
parapet:ramparts
proof:attestation
heavily:profoundly
seriously:fatally
hurricane:storm
trader:merchant
critical:fault-finding
comment's:annotations
leaf:side
dream:delusion
picture:movie
ability:gift
Rick:strain
yarn:joke
offense:indignation
irritate:wind somebody up
asperity:sharpness
decease:departure
despairing:depressed
car:auto
sarong:skirt
clipper:vessel
nonpartisan:unbiased
exasperating:maddening
rise:growth
pause:gap
tangibly:perceptibly
ludicrousness:foolishness
unfavorable:inauspicious
fruition:achievement
catchy:attractive
vitalize:animate
audience:interview
stated:acknowledged
despondent:glum
particular:specific
pile:quantity
prime:leading
collector:aerial
ware's:stuff
methodology:attitude
restore:do up
paradoxically:illogically
freewill:independence
jovially:warmly
joyous:festive
graceful:poised
derailing:tremendous
vocational:work
breakage:splintering
Polish:elegance
write:engrave
cover:swathe
hurriedly:quickly
effects:things
hoarder:squirrel
slump:plunge
head:lead
Small:undersized
unaccompanied:on your own
substantial:large
nasty:vile
PIN:hold
prescience:insight
assured:confident
farmhouse:mansion
state:majesty
hill:mount
confession:acknowledgment
fondness:keenness
meter:measuring device
lose:squander
invulnerable:secure
scent:trace
fruition:final result
fresh:light
act:operate
beautiful:attractive
subversion:insurrection
adjudicators:jury
fit:grand mal
aimless:useless
regarding:a propos
conspire:work against
implicate:point the finger at
deliberation:consideration
notice:note
sleazily:disgracefully
underhanded:sneaky
impatient:hurried
confide:give to
Hiss:whisper
excellent:exceptional
laminated:coated
indulgence:understanding
pixie:gnome
massacre:mass destruction
fidget:jiggle
police:control
nook:corner
overhang:lie over
stupendously:splendidly
backpacker:tourist
stumped:bemused
illusory:not real
forswear:disown
difficult:not easy
observation:study
day's:existence
slough:quagmire
universal:widespread
frightful:dreadful
professed:apparent
villain:scoundrel
scanty:very little
soundlessly:quietly
improvise:get along
scold:reprimand
perfectly:impeccably
album:photograph album
beget:create
rework:modify
hairiness:downiness
salon:store
heady:imprudent
obsolescent:old
frowzy:slovenly
plenty:stacks
original:unusual
take:derive
tremulous:fearful
cockpit:ring
reprimand:criticize
Stern:strict
decontaminate:cleanse
tie:join
overhanging:hanging
anon:presently
communicate:speak
proportionate:impartial
unfrequented:isolated
lovingly:affectionately
prepossessing:nice-looking
undemocratic:unfair
set:ready
divorce:split
drearily:dully
fluffiness:insubstantiality
sleepy:lethargic
leader:director
agree:reach a decision
sell:plug
sound:sturdy
recuperate:salvage
decree:lay down the law
snide:spiteful
groundwork:footing
definite:unquestionable
leash:lead
force:push
Mar:spoil
adversary:rival
touch:hint
walkout:go on strike
scalded:overcooked
demoralizing:frightening
confound:bewilder
ringleader:leader of the pack
benefaction:aid
graduate:group
whoosh:whiz
bad:austere
throng:inundate
admit:confess
discourse:speech
rise:hill
flap:wag
Short:sharp
outfit's:attire
expect:wait for
security:confidence
descent:origin
plethora:superfluity
CEO:first in command
spangled:lustrous
afire:in flames
instill:fill
well:brim
penitent:remorseful
read:scan
unveil:disclose
unacquainted:not in possession of the facts
cultured:refined
scoop:serving spoon
lattice:trellis
bighearted:kindly
seemliness:decorum
impressively:memorably
peculiar:curious
inexhaustible:endless
principled:righteous
start:jerk
contrary:divergent
dirty:foul
extemporize:do off-the-cuff
vacuity:vacuum
chubby:hefty
excoriate:berate
empty:pour out
thankfulness:appreciation
sunburn:suntan
burble:go on about something
turnover:revenue
gridlock:congestion
humanitarian:kindly
even:flush
debate:think over
staff:stick
mad:ridiculous
summation:summing up
scrunch:crunch
thrilling:exhilarating
fireplace:fireside
figurines:china doll
imagine:suppose
change:switch
rewrite:amend
lessons:teaching
indestructible:unbreakable
fear:apprehension
brook:creek
pivotal:essential
Set:stage set
limp:wilted
relatively:somewhat
impotently:helplessly
view:notice
protect:shelter
barbed:cutting
procedural:technical
blemished:imperfect
remove:strip off
discontented:unhappy
disarm:charm
crazy:zany
block:frustrate
level:quantity
tenaciously:resolutely
tablet's:drug
lightheaded:faint
obvious:noticeable
concurrent:harmonizing
lick:get the better of
Pole:raft
prophetic:visionary
accepted:received
ultimate:basic
quarrelsome:querulous
rough:physical
institution:organization
clearly:obviously
dilute:reduce
ruckus:rumpus
specs:goggles
knock:do down
unfaithfully:adulterously
depopulated:uninhabited
laughingly:perkily
parched:desiccated
drink:swig
glittery:reflecting
delimited:surrounded
warm:tepid
condition's:setting
armament:minder
Short:dumpy
fascination:enthrallment
over:completed
wittily:drolly
diminish:peter out
strike:walk out
slight:thin
noxious:deleterious
Tell:declare
persnickety:particular
jackpot:prize
real:unaffected
away:left
sneeringly:disdainfully
zest:gusto
impurity:contamination
inconsistent:not in agreement
nugget:hunk
patronizing:full of yourself
gnarled:twisted
disaster:adversity
spreading:scattering
Green:lime
conciliation:appeasement
hives:rash
idler:freeloader
spite:spitefulness
content:subject matter
fen:bayou
coordinated:in step
unimpeachable:unassailable
luminescent:shining
monotonous:droning
dead:quiet
urbane:cultured
insecurely:apprehensively
funds:finances
talk:discussion
ritzy:classy
match:correspond
flat:horizontal
curb:hold back
bouncing:active
celebrity:renown
censorious:critical
rangy:tall
staging:performance
peddler:hawker
delicately:adroitly
sharp:hard
tripod:trivet
unoccupied:idle
streamlined:well-run
negligent:neglectful
holler:bawl
rabble:masses
Battle:combat
august:dignified
staunch:unfaltering
reverence:worship
fluorescent:glowing
depict:show
brazen:bold
peevishness:spitefulness
system:orderliness
overpower:defeat
acclaim:commend
reflection:evidence
directly:right away
pirate:lift
solemnly:somberly
peaked:done in
embassy:task force
content:matter
deflated:dispirited
hoard:accumulate
lock:brace
secure:safe
Tell:let the cat out of the bag
unpleasantly:offensively
direction:trend
indecisiveness:vacillation
vague:abstracted
surcharge:supplement
pestilence:virus
barter:exchange
pressure:hassle
cleverness:expertise
treat:consider
strongly:piquantly
dejected:down in the mouth
mutely:without a sound
nonplussed:perplexed
chutzpah:gall
impious:immoral
irksome:trying
expatriation:transportation
lockup:cell
slurp:taste
inability:incapability
palisade:stake
be:remain
honk:sound the horn
scythe:cut
fight:wrangle
ahead:at the forefront
pattern:blueprint
nearly:all but
chronicler:teller of tales
perfect:improve
supersede:surpass
form:sheet
cone:shaft
firmly:tightly
scrape:rasp
demote:devalue
coating:outside layer
undisturbed:peaceful
curtailed:reduced
seriously:badly
ubiquitously:all over the place
striking:prominent
spirit:inner self
steadiness:evenness
chronic:constant
plow:invest
reception:function
retainer:allowance
antagonist:adversary
middle:mid
wisecrack:retort
detain:arrest
waster:idler
dietetic:food
yellow:fair
catch:take
dusk:sundown
bidding:command
placement:appointment
shiftiness:underhandedness
result's:fallout
estimate:educated guess
plasticity:flexibility
shelf:projection
belly:abdomen
unhappily:unluckily
invent:fabricate
traumatize:shake up
uncensored:open
curtailment:restriction
timeworn:stale
inflate:exaggerate
chit:tab
pretentiousness:airs
schema:plan
regale:amuse
miss:escape
disarming:attractive
decapitate:cut off somebody's head
backwoods:boondocks
parish:rural community
space:deep space
ungainly:hulking
deliberation:purposefulness
toboggan:luge
bawl:wail
Atlas:plan
yellow:golden
leafy:green
Jersey:pullover
meet:experience
howling:crying
tournament:play-offs
surprise:astonish
together:calm
rosy:healthy-looking
unequaled:matchless
incarnate:made flesh
caricature:picture
fiddler:violinist
chronicles:archives
atmosphere:surroundings
tranquilizing:calming
capacious:roomy
ring:circle
trouble:hitch
way:path
crossroad's:fork
sandstone:granite
power:might
green:ecologically aware
snub:humiliate
bulk:massiveness
totalitarianism:tyranny
runoff:excess
necessitate:impose
illicitly:illegitimately
vulnerably:powerlessly
defiled:sullied
devolve:pass to
recall:remembrance
review:make another study of
Titanic:monumental
clear:release
glisten:sparkle
probing:snooping
Lynch:mob
preeminent:paramount
sinew:tendon
moist:clammy
ordinarily:in general
extreme:zealous
reevaluate:check
dispersed:single
unspoiled:intact
graciousness:generosity
rumpus:tumult
disrobe:get undressed
confound:conquer
prank's:monkeyshines
die:crash
complicated:intricate
maintain:keep up
transport:rapture
surpass:go one better than
takeout:pull out
indifferently:unsympathetically
detail:itemize
wringing:saturated
wheeze:gasp
shabbily:scruffily
sedative:calming
connubial:marital
patterned:attractive
tactically:advantageously
unsettling:disturbing
circumstantial:inferred
key:basic
spot:speck
inhuman:strange
snowballing:collective
decipherable:understandable
weightlessness:lightness
price:penalty
unreal:false
mortally:gravely
attar:essential oil
twine:snake
presumably:I assume
fair:fair to middling
blissful:idyllic
primary:prime
disbanding:suspension
kinship:connection
ungracious:discourteous
trouble:bother
impolite:rude
strike:effect
stabilize:calm
pulpit:stand
meet:be acquainted with
drink:glug
send:launch
hole:outlet
boon:advantage
pip:germ
quickness:promptness
extravagantly:generously
cheery:happy
sternly:seriously
resonant:echoing
snowstorm:blizzard
upstanding:moral
nationalistic:chauvinistic
possibility:likelihood
fable:parable
rap:crack
heavily:sturdily
ends:locks of hair
first:at the outset
refractory:unmanageable
pardoning:forgiving
slipperiness:elusiveness
brighten:look up
straddle:bestride
heartburn:tummy ache
double:twofold
exaltation:joy
stringency:severity
disorderliness:disarray
timidity:apprehension
troupe:band
noisy:loud
shatterproof:reinforced
burrow:cuddle
ready:swift
grouse:gripe
perform:stage
total:sum
expurgated:censored
snitch:rip off
capacity:part
perch:balance on
capriciousness:flightiness
bar:block
playfully:humorously
captain:boss
compost:fertilizer
equivocal:oblique
lounge:lie around
fatigued:tired
thought:concept
phobia:irrational fear
straightforward:undemanding
rider:qualification
grateful:thankful
vacation:retreat
tactlessly:unthinkingly
convolution:complication
feverish:busy
exactingly:severely
polyp:nodule
catch:get tangled
stick:attach
folio:leaf
bank:put in the bank
sulky:sullen
eulogize:praise to the skies
truism:axiom
authoritarianism:despotism
constrict:narrow
indigenous:native
warfare:combat
best:greatest
present:expound
childishly:babyishly
writer:critic
propulsion:driving force
experience:undergo
peroration:words
air:make public
invoice:demand
unfailing:enduring
salve:unguent
nostalgic:evocative
potion:brew
commands:guidelines
eerily:cacophonously
pertinacious:willful
sepulcher:vault
question:problem
amass:build up
alive:animated
store:warehouse
separate:single
Sterling:real
done:completed
coloration:blush
distributed:disseminated
capacity:space
enunciate:vocalize
informed:learned
ineffectually:feebly
prickle:spike
stanch:unwavering
battery:set
gust:expulsion
new:contemporary
line:area
incompatibility:inappropriateness
attire:outfit
continuing:enduring
Chuck:tap
hype:bill
region:state
extreme:immoderate
mismanage:make a mess of
desperate:violent
lapse:elapse
suitcase's:belongings
nonexistent:absent
uncommunicative:unforthcoming
love:like
tenor:sense
peopled:occupied
eccentricity:funny habit
set:suite
depose:remove
bodyguard:defender
flunky:pawn
deathlike:corpselike
worst:most horrible
astute:wise
discipline:drill
grin:beam
penetration:infiltration
bashfulness:coyness
stable:committed
snort:grunt
irregularly:sporadically
pronto:in a jiffy
hoax:con
unexciting:tame
uplift:give a lift
chronically:frequently
Prudence:care
model:exemplar
evade:equivocate
jovial:cheery
match:match up
show:performance
inappropriately:wrongly
things:belongings
grudgingly:bitterly
squandered:idle
electrifying:thrilling
reconstruct:re-enact
offensively:indecently
etched:impressed
reestablish:return
tell:show
correctly:right
descendants:young
gullet:gorge
sandstone:brickwork
revitalize:regenerate
pullout:enclosure
atonement:penance
unconstitutional:illegal
infiltrate:gain access to
Peg:measure
just:a minute ago
post:position
bribery:enticement
unpick:undo
pitiful:miserable
practical:concrete
rescind:quash
lap:stage
saturation:infiltration
thrash:flay
stab:ache
commemorative:memorial
ripened:mature
rib:josh
burnish:rub
captive:enslaved
nasty:disgusting
shoplift:pilfer
unwritten:oral
venerable:respected
benefactor:patron
pacify:mollify
shadiness:deviousness
mass:main part
Ingres's:entrance
straightaway:without further ado
stub:remnant
hobbyhorse:pet topic
story:hearsay
retreat:back away
now:at this moment
damages:costs
extreme:acute
pitiable:poor
talkative:voluble
own:admit
bylaw:law
fault:blunder
elation:ecstasy
alluring:appealing
reload:fill
procession:motorcade
trellis:lattice
serious:genuine
flourish:wave
silliness:ridiculousness
attempt:challenge
carelessness:lack of judgment
personage:grandee
clear:make
worsen:get worse
unknown:unfamiliar
perky:frisky
sort:classify
rejuvenated:revitalized
motley:dissimilar
recover:convalesce
aridity:infertility
cane:walking stick
leaving:departure
gymnasium:sports center
bystander:witness
observation:watching
scintillating:brilliant
exist:be existent
ember's:cinders
smack:clout
plunge:immerse yourself
wakeful:tossing and turning
terrain:ground
infatuation:obsession
brainwashing:training
inveigle:convince
festivity:celebration
utilitarian:useful
laughingly:flippantly
decorate:deck
runaway:turn your back on
email:dispatch
storyteller:raconteur
figure:sum
treatise:paper
strident:braying
overworked:clich?d
porthole:window
buggy:pushchair
invidious:horrible
strike:clout
showiness:gaudiness
pleasing:pleasurable
detachment:separation
start:twitch
glamorous:alluring
overtax:drive too hard
wetlands:swampland
inconclusive:full of loopholes
garbage:gobbledygook
upturned:wrong side up
stipulation:provision
focal:important
tortuous:convoluted
mastermind:brains
deviousness:guile
impossibility:impracticality
split:difference of opinion
scuffle:come to blows
change:conversion
jetsam:wreckage
keep:stack
mat:pad
serialization:soap
commend:consign
salve:balsam
spar:wrangle
coincidentally:inadvertently
adroitly:adeptly
milled:pounded
ballyhoo:hullabaloo
unprotected:exposed
brouhaha:rumpus
nerd:bore
waggle:jiggle
massive:colossal
obtrude:overhang
incident:unpleasant incident
register:touch
table:roll
record:witness
amateurish:substandard
precipitately:rashly
tight:problematic
tactful:delicate
relation's:kindred
drink:sip
relevant:related
demand:require
pejorative:depreciatory
blooming:promising
true:firm
mover:delivery service
Punch:cuff
desperation:fear
amputation:deduction
vineyard:wine producer
concisely:succinctly
ground:mop the floor with
decriminalized:legitimate
froth:fizz
gracious:sociable
Brown:russet
sullen:morose
estimable:laudable
triteness:unoriginality
skittish:lively
displace:shift
swagger:bragging
oppressive:unfair
crisis:catastrophe
mad:frenzied
develop:exploit
devour:obsess
ordinarily:as a rule
transitional:halfway
slops:pigswill
advantaged:privileged
stout:fat
indigestion:dyspepsia
rafter:taunt
descendants:children
guise:rig
piece:quantity
swig:imbibe
cheater:fraud
edify:improve
despicable:shameful
mountainous:massive
dresser:breakfront
poised:in place
joyful:elated
uncivil:unfriendly
Ala's:unfortunately
flashy:showy
cagey:wary
thrash:flog
truth:dedication
wide:extensive
circumvent:get around
china:best china
ware's:goods
frankness:bluntness
ring:feel
implore:beseech
decomposed:fusty
examine:scan
fuzzily:indistinctly
turtleneck:open neck
heal:cure
Pat:paddle
propensity:predisposition
compare:contrast
maritime:marine
favor:sympathy
rarity:one-off
agree:grant
looming:alarming
arguments:urging
resentfully:jealously
distinguish:mark
quite:very
volume:section
correctly:accurately
please:prefer
dumpy:stout
pullout:addition
complexity:convolution
mournfully:despondently
rigor:scrupulousness
unconquerable:unbeatable
ladle:scoop
foray:raid
enigmatically:inexplicably
desolate:grim
achievable:doable
simultaneously:in chorus
colossally:immensely
tormented:plagued
circumstance:situation
boneless:weak
winch:haul
fundamental:vital
uncouple:unyoke
piercing:screaming
whatever:anything
misunderstanding:row
choke:stop up
dreariness:dullness
look:appear
controllable:handy
convulsion:paroxysm
vertebrae:back
fiendish:tricky
snoop:watch
pigskin:fur
creak:squeak
strewn:speckled
squalid:disreputable
artfulness:deviousness
dropping:plummeting
nauseous:stomach-churning
fully:abundant
uninhabited:deserted
embrace:hug
burnished:glittery
brisk:sharp
sonnet:rhyme
census:sample
sensuous:lush
reciprocally:jointly
discouragement:disappointment
pause:recess
regression:failure
irrelevance:unrelated matter
imprisonment:caging
creatively:artistically
governance:supremacy
defense:justification
sturdy:durable
impulsiveness:hastiness
grow:enlarge
soaked:saturated
attestation:corroboration
rainfall:rain
nonsensically:absurdly
recognition:respect
beacon:sign
disk:diskette
labored:studied
oversleep:sleep late
scrawled:scribbled
placebo:panacea
create:craft
ballpoint:pen
omit:leave out
destroy:spoil
avert:turn from
pack:mob
failed:unsuccessful
afflict:bother
dynasty:house
some:a little
hilarity:mirth
act:perform
intone:sing
Love:fancy
languorous:sleepy
solecism:mistake
rare:exceptional
masquerading:camouflaged
disgraceful:discreditable
irreversible:irremediable
critique:comment on
warm:balmy
exact:extort
fragrance:smell
flash:sparkle
sardonically:cynically
suited:proficient
squalid:dishonest
forewarn:caution
holdup:snag
kind:sort
scrounging:sponging
soft:diffused
awakening:stirring
occur:take place
nosedive:drop
midway:equidistant
voluble:fluent
outing:day trip
misleading:confusing
nice:careful
gloomy:down in the dumps
wear:attire
bad:unruly
alterable:adjustable
Victor:champ
mound:heap
phantasm:apparition
show:let somebody see
correctness:appropriateness
insistently:unrelentingly
firm:set
shoot:start to grow
disagreeable:unlikable
stagecoach:horse-drawn carriage
bill:invoice
eyeball:look at
admit:divulge
keep:fulfill
indecipherable:unreadable
crash:system failure
typography:style
cavalier:casual
fling:throw
limited:narrow
widely:commonly
conducive:favorable
today:these days
battering:rough treatment
transfer:handing over
length:time-span
hiking:mountain climbing
period:punctuation mark
tamp:stuff
suffocating:sickly sweet
lightweight:frivolous
adversity:hard times
info:data
temptingly:pleasingly
apropos:on the subject of
side:aspect
meaningful:significant
crackdown:attack
assiduously:attentively
house:council house
soaring:tall
convertible:adaptable
gleam:ray
proverb:axiom
assertiveness:brazenness
affinity:fellow feeling
stump:base
intimates:people
touchy:precarious
inconsiderateness:tactlessness
occasional:irregular
efface:wipe out
overpower:subjugate
attentiveness:devotion
plan's:procedure
disparage:belittle
evening:dusk
exacting:rigorous
declaim:declare
revivify:breathe new life into
restful:soothing
vitalize:make confident
peacefulness:nonviolence
sonata:symphony
junta:military rule
oration:proclamation
project:forecast
acceptability:adequacy
compensated:rewarded
tally:count
supposed:rumored
profligate:squandering
mascot:lucky charm
pass:occur
fizzle:crackle
fatigued:wiped out
censure:show disapproval
dimness:gloom
Be:stay
inauguration:opening ceremony
fib:lie
precincts:grounds
carnival:fair
watch:stalk
absolutism:totalitarianism
funniness:humor
extra:more
Machiavellian:tricky
paid:rewarded
comment:observation
application:relevance
synopsis:summary
remotely:at all
laborious:lengthy
virtuoso:genius
viability:capability
unpleasant:foul
navigator:route-finder
erupt:burst open
thirsty:feeling thirst
glitzy:swanky
stagnate:idle
illicit:illegitimate
Set:fix
move:change
tackiness:vulgarity
lumber:trudge
road:side road
slur:stain
tightness:rigidity
accept:believe
subconscious:intuitive
incontrovertibly:indisputably
palaver:talk
returning:frequent
expletive:curse
yet:so far
killing:homicide
Hall:foyer
afire:ablaze
energized:thrilled
secured:tenable
deviate:depart
Petty:small
targeted:under attack
adherent:enthusiast
deathlike:gaunt
heal:make good
merchandise:sell
leave:bequeath
calculate:estimate
impecuniousness:poverty
refectory:mess hall
processing:doling out
ax:sever
moral:message
pragmatist:practical person
tastiness:scrumptiousness
prime:superlative
banister:handrail
curl:twist
smudge:stain
discounted:cut-rate
among:amongst
fowl:poultry
walk:stroll
petrifying:scary
deceitfully:fraudulently
polyp:swelling
attitude:outlook
strut:walk
bloated:distended
lingo:language
venerated:established
constellation:assemblage
barter:negotiate
notch:accomplish
profess:recognize
new:another
Golden:blonde
harshly:brightly
reticence:reserve
incurably:inoperably
damaged:hurt
automatic:instinctive
hallucinating:restless
file:summary
arrive:appear
cautionary:reproving
sulky:in a bad temper
critical:nit-picking
appreciate:go up in price
Branch:arm
title:identify
depart:head off
recoil:shrinking
steal:lift
competition:fight
attribution:credit
outsider:interloper
mistake:faux pas
source:spokesperson
ungrateful:unappreciative
penetrate:find out
knock:thud
exhaustion:tiredness
atypical:unusual
sophistication:classiness
strong:hot
consecutively:repeatedly
time:while
way's:habits
manhandle:hustle
boneless:cowardly
landslide:earthquake
moisten:humidify
caress:hug
conspirator:plotter
upset:overturn
tie:lash
austere:stern
assumed:unspoken
secrete:exude
individual:particularized
bumptious:self-satisfied
viscosity:gumminess
service:overhaul
gauntness:thinness
insinuate:worm your way in
windup:end
snazzy:ostentatious
solution:result
length:part
bafflement:puzzlement
perturbing:worrying
syllabus:curriculum
interval:time
stable:fast
mourn:bewail
helping:ration
murderous:strenuous
substitute:proxy
component's:machinery
leafy:verdant
cogent:strong
irritatingly:exasperatingly
spark:initiate
inhuman:weird
layout:landscape
rapacity:miserliness
unobservant:dozy
portico:porch
spineless:sad
Crater:basin
spot:perceive
truthfulness:frankness
vestibule:atrium
housecoat:dressing gown
bile:temper
version:variety
placate:appease
pushing:near enough
lug:cart
presenter:TV presenter
Strong:robust
plundering:preying
permanence:immovability
untenable:indefensible
cinematography:photography
fearless:courageous
thoughtfulness:unselfishness
rates:duty
righteous:virtuous
lifespan:natural life
incisor:dagger
completely:utterly
flooring:carpet
gangplank:passage
definite:recognized
plant:factory
chill:gloom
unnecessarily:unreasonably
apoplectic:furious
cachet:respect
commemoration:service
averse:indisposed
fearful:terrible
poem:ode
misuse:abuse
explaining:explanation
reduced:condensed
celebrity:public figure
critical:essential
set:determined
mural:fresco
pantry:food store
disbelieving:uncertain
avail:reward
nudge:jolt
impervious:unmovable
posh:grand
unsettled:anxious
unsightly:nasty
crook:criminal
buffed:finished
fire:enthuse
snippy:disagreeable
whack:smack
deduct:take away
slump:bend
picket:protest
existing:to be had
hypnotize:put under
fort:fastness
sterilize:sanitize
ghoul:ghost
scarcity:insufficiency
boycott:reject
ingenuity:originality
surpass:best
macerate:pulp
audition:interview
powerlessness:incapacity
taxing:difficult
medley:jumble
check:restrain
hood:cover
immortalize:celebrate
hat:boater
charade:sham
livery:corporate colors
stingy:grudging
lot:batch
gall:anger
rancorous:resentful
liken:equate
difference:differentiation
Almighty:earsplitting
Sprint:hurry
tangle:mesh
carelessly:hastily
element:building block
successful:winning
make:build
hoax:deception
Key:register
In:featuring in
regularly:smoothly
believe:consider
tactful:discreet
home:family
Ingres's:opening
gallantly:nobly
dexterous:skillful
associate:junior
credit:trust
softness:flexibility
rearing:childhood
halfhearted:indifferent
bravo:hooray
around:here and there in
seamy:unpleasant
gloom:darkness
handgun:small arm
throw:lob
unjust:prejudiced
good:capable
body:carcass
acutely:terribly
murderous:rigorous
manifest:observable
heavy:pouring
blunt:straight
edifying:civilizing
levelheadedness:reasonableness
Marks:symbols
splotch:stain
behind:at the rear
work:masterpiece
disgrace:shame
irritant:pain
unwholesome:unpleasant
light:insubstantial
involve:comprise
vitality:animation
proportion:ratio
chasten:chastise
refectory:dining hall
Goliath:giant
penetrate:pierce
indoor:enclosed
impatience:zeal
disaffection:isolation
effective:useful
abounding:affluent
recuperating:getting your strength back
spearhead:organize
fatalities:losses
pebbles:gravel
uneasiness:nervousness
naively:frankly
solid:dependable
tell:let the cat out of the bag
shark:loan shark
humorously:amusingly
oversee:administer
wise:astute
Pace:stride
blend:mingle
frigid:freezing
hop:dance
blithe:carefree
destroy:extinguish
valor:heroism
pained:wounded
extra:superfluous
alternate:swing
fusty:musty
tie:be equal
blue's:doldrums
deception:trick
sound:seem
concurring:on the same wave length
pry:snoop
localize:concentrate
conscript:enroll
chiefly:mainly
cane:punish
fancy:elegant
breaker's:top
firmly:steadily
absolve:pardon
prosaic:humdrum
subsection:clause
antiquated:old-fashioned
confide:give to somebody for safe keeping
desultory:haphazard
battlefield:front line
cost:price tag
chronic:inveterate
making:assembly
birthright:bequest
cathartic:energizing
judiciousness:wisdom
expensive:pricey
degeneration:erosion
Nice:finicky
lurid:shocking
agree:have the same opinion
afford:give
burrow:grope
classmate's:social group
inactivity:indolence
talk:discourse
bleary:sleepy
quirky:unpredictable
majority:greater part
lunar:cosmological
knobby:bent
recital:performance
tribal:clannish
damage's:costs
constant:continual
come:get nearer
furor:tumult
insecurely:timidly
delinquent:failing
undisclosed:private
bury:lay to rest
nurture:support
preventive:deterrent
rugged:rocky
glitter:shimmer
debilitating:devastating
stipulation:specification
Land:place
reduced:on sale
plenty:lots
conglomeration:odds and ends
flash:update
length:duration
bucketing:raining
uncommunicative:taciturn
missing:misplaced
organizational:directorial
obsequious:toadying
branch:turn-off
break:be revealed
sameness:semblance
plum:impressive
responsible:mature
take:seize
wilted:lifeless
warm:kindhearted
spurt:rush
let:agree to
nominee:entrant
Junior:trainee
tearoom:coffee shop
mind:psyche
peace:end of war
feather's:fluff
attempt:endeavor
lastly:before I finish
dirtiness:muddiness
trivial:negligible
sinew:muscle
vocalizations:dialect
accuracy:truth
harass:bother
persecution:harrying
emancipation:freeing
despicable:dreadful
thus:in this fashion
editing:bowdlerization
dismay:shock
organization:establishment
jarring:loud
rap:smack
reverberation's:shock
aeration:ventilation
vociferous:voluble
unique:irreplaceable
owner:proprietor
accumulator:saver
contusion:bump
chattel's:belongings
derelict:dilapidated
Mass:size
inexorable:unavoidable
large:well-built
game:game birds
swine:boar
trite:unoriginal
epidemic:plague
courageous:gutsy
spiritually:internally
IN:appearing in
boy:teenager
auditory:audio
partake:contribute
false:misleading
nimbus:halo
call:song
festoon:garland
concerned:fretful
bungle:ruin
stout:corpulent
irresponsibly:negligently
bicker:have a quarrel
repair:refurbish
itemization:analysis
delivery:technique
inapt:tactless
hone:file
rotund:fat
cheap:reduced
gaily:casually
penance:reparation
hives:pimples
turtleneck:neckline
underweight:too thin
trim:embellish
condescension:aloofness
canonize:consecrate
adequacy:competence
awaken:get up
potent:strong
match:harmonize
meaningful:carrying great weight
Marxism:Maoism
pause:breather
lock:strand
improvement:recuperation
element:part
unobserved:overlooked
stomp:stamp
peroration:oration
environs:vicinity
mollify:appease
strict:accurate
bring:give
dulled:rounded
discolored:faded
slip:omission
sham:fake
time:instance
civilized:educated
deficient:scarce
road's:transportation
brochures:advertising material
think:contemplate
bore:turn off
accomplice:co-conspirator
familiarized:comfortable
quiver:shiver
branch:subdivision
Anchorage:dock
tastelessness:inelegance
spare:additional
rainy:showery
impassively:unemotionally
increase:multiply
transpire:become known
unbend:free
Yank:pull
purported:ostensible
squint:quick look
peaceable:serene
fulfillment:implementation
remind:take you back
adulate:worship
parcel's:packages
patrician:aristocratic
bright:clear
stunted:diminutive
commune:collective farm
invoice:send somebody a bill
constellation:gathering
guaranteed:certain
court's:judges
honest:good
touch:stroke
prone:lying face down
mean:malicious
stuffy:prim
fiasco:disaster
fuming:teed off
lovable:congenial
minimal:least
repentance:sorrow
specially:especially
drolly:humorously
swayed:persuaded
haunting:lingering
overambitious:forceful
advantageously:beneficially
exchange:replace
deformity:irregularity
IN:concerning
frill's:added extras
incarceration:captivity
cubbyhole:storeroom
totalitarian:autocratic
ill:laid up
piazza:market square
unscientific:instinctive
enraged:angry
chiefly:essentially
bowels:innards
stand:stomach
traitorous:treacherous
colossally:massively
diffuseness:faintness
germ:microbe
warren:lair
knock:thump
bumper:buffer
Mass:group
spotty:greasy
calmness:stillness
salient:significant
inconveniently:embarrassingly
amplify:develop
assuredly:surely
blockade:deny access to
route:direction
squeal:cry
thin:fragile
slog:plod
copied:commonplace
gloominess:unhappiness
superfluity:accumulation
recede:dwindle
philanthropic:generous
serial:run
bound:bounce
illegality:misdeed
delicacy:gracefulness
breakup:ending
tan:russet
heavy:onerous
clinker:used coal
playmate:friend
see:predict
doubly:extra
doubtful:hesitant
related:allied
quote:refer to
bygone:long-gone
stout:robust
Son:child
outstretched:widely spread
glowering:scowling
harry:bother
rampantly:wildly
ERA:time
hit:affect
kindliness:compassion
slight:affront
isolated:exceptional
pretense:airs
rubbish:hogwash
set:situate
magnanimously:thoughtfully
standardized:uniform
impartially:fairly
volley:barrage
personify:show
services:navy
incapability:powerlessness
shudder:tremble
angle:slant
impenitent:unrepentant
notepad:pad
birthright:inheritance
saturate:oversupply
experiment:conduct experiment
peacemaker:arbitrator
hidebound:reactionary
comforting:heartening
act:work
vomiting:nausea
gain:put on
near:on the verge of
firearm:gun
drive:fundraiser
reading:performance
riddle:brainteaser
madly:utterly
bemuse:puzzle
troublesome:naughty
squarely:evenly
horrible:dreadful
Be:be situated
inalienable:unassailable
maltreated:battered
fluorescent:bright
unstructured:amorphous
fallow:infertile
jinx:plague
dent:knock
trickster:cheat
face:elevation
stilted:stiff
bait:torment
mean:be thinking about
farsighted:second-sighted
relate:connect
skyjack:takeover
unnerved:upset
minute:close
immobilization:arrest
Will:long for
stodgy:filling
incompetently:ineffectually
torment:bane
squirmy:twitchy
outburst:burst
burdened:troubled
tenderness:sensitivity
unfit:out of condition
preventive:protective
twosome:pair
romantically:lovingly
difficulty:trouble
rhombus:rhomb
jeer:taunt
justified:vindicated
jubilantly:proudly
accede:grant
compulsive:obsessive
standby:defend
secure:sheltered
fiercely:powerfully
igloo:villa
consequential:following
pack:push
coaching:instruction
inconsequential:negligible
aristocracy:upper crust
bumptious:self-important
avenue:way
meditative:pondering
loss:passing
learn:discover
mad:annoyed
fast:ahead
inconceivably:incredibly
requester:client
skipper:head
endemic:widespread
monies:toll
placid:docile
hallucinate:imagine
fly:flutter
sham:play
handwork:handiwork
plaid:tartan
overflowing:brimming
holiness:purity
alter:modify
allow:permit
throbbing:hurting
lighten:reduce
scamper:scuttle
inquiry:inquest
rowdiness:noisiness
BASIC:critical
indestructible:everlasting
garrote:stifle
corner:surround
celebrity:personality
rather:moderately
remember:take into account
presumption:hypothesis
guillotine:decapitate
illuminate:explain
hinder:get in the way
swarm:flood
attitude:manner
infest:fill
great:eminent
amnesia:a total blank
soothing:peaceful
wan:washed-out
clock:grandfather clock
carelessly:impulsively
spinning:turning
parley:conference
wad:bundle together
attrition:gnawing away
bridal:honeymoon
unthinking:inconsiderate
bracelets:ornaments
sign's:cryptogram
cushion:pad
smear:stain
edge:edging
oceans:load
levelheaded:sensible
internment:custody
loftiness:haughtiness
fleetingly:transiently
afire:aflame
bravely:daringly
phantom:spirit
vulgarity:earthiness
coffeepot:percolator
confused:mystified
impervious:unyielding
compute:multiply
court:incite
tempestuous:stormy
affirm:announce
cut:nick
trickle:ooze
foggy:murky
archway:doorway
Deity:divinity
involve:concern
idea:concept
religiously:unfailingly
rental:payment
parsimony:careful book-keeping
interconnect:connect
friend's:contacts
laxness:carelessness
felon:criminal
talk:break
divulge:let drop
subsidy:funding
facts:proof
water:fill with tears
hoedown:shindig
form:develop
uncleanness:pollution
Good:delightful
harmoniously:amicably
bound:certain
ultimately:at last
income:profits
break:split
disfavored:impoverished
imposing:having presence
negation:absence
day:daytime
counterfeit:forgery
help:improve
padlock:catch
sooner:earlier
scold:discipline
extroverted:vociferous
narrowly:assiduously
inadmissible:unacceptable
expertness:capability
commitment:dedication
fixedly:intently
chin:jowl
unrelenting:remorseless
intend:be determined
competently:adeptly
resurrect:bring back to life
mainstay:basis
underpinning:supporting
shape:identity
garnish:trimming
sheet:area
flaccid:drooping
healthy:vigorous
heyday:peak
build:erect
dizziness:lightheadedness
appall:dismay
problem:predicament
languorously:lethargically
nondescript:ordinary
approval:good opinion
Gamble:lay bets
pound:pulverize
defiantly:insolently
therefore:hence
brimful:overflowing
capriciousness:whimsicality
minerals:mineral deposits
guess:estimate
watchful:vigilant
cutting:acerbic
reorganize:reorder
tousle:rumple
scion:bud
rhetoric:writing
misconception:misapprehension
withering:sarcastic
austerity:scarcity
Rush:get your skates on
here:at this point
dipper:ladle
iffy:undecided
gelatinous:viscous
confuse:confound
right:honorable
fine:okay
tendency:inclination
drink:nip
perturb:disturb
favorable:constructive
arguments:advice
devoted:loving
hangdog:miserable
brainstorm:dream up
cluck:chuckle
drastic:radical
accurateness:truthfulness
none:no one
volatile:hazardous
minute:precise
remote:aloof
efficient:well-organized
Bellow:roar
distancing:isolation
trivial:minor
darkly:bleakly
rules:policy
thrill:delight
ductile:elastic
earnings:rate
feebly:weakly
worth:appeal
down:losing
entreaty:appeal
seafaring:naval
unseemly:inappropriate
layout:design
overtake:overhaul
snobbishness:vanity
stately:splendid
indestructible:armored
zephyr:puff of air
agog:keen
bribe:inducement
post:put up
overwrought:tense
distancing:division
Ill:badly
libertarian:liberal
uniform:costume
delegate:authorize
harmonious:congruous
jubilation:joyousness
character:moral fiber
summary:rapid
harbor:bear in mind
increased:improved
trite:stock
riveting:enthralling
nauseate:upset
barricade:fortification
straddle:sit astride
overestimate:overrate
dab:wipe
utensils:apparatus
transport:elation
pacesetter:innovator
barrenness:infertility
respectability:name
unfortunately:unluckily
wakefulness:attentiveness
aggravated:forced
conclave:gathering
touching:heartrending
garnishes:garnishing
jauntiness:jolliness
besmirched:tainted
flyer's:direct mail
sheeting:sheet
sandstone:building material
ethereal:light
enchanted:captivated
secure:stable
cry:holler
make:tell somebody to
chastisement:rebuke
transom:skylight
solve:decipher
insurgent:rising
effervesce:bubble
excrete:send out
debasement:corruption
seep:bleed
scathing:contemptuous
fruitless:unsuccessful
mindful:attentive
monotonously:uninterestingly
oxidized:corroded
greet:speak to
acquiescent:compliant
mugging:ambush
blanched:lightened
indefinable:impalpable
succulence:juiciness
admonitory:warning
ugly:menacing
denigrating:demeaning
confident:certain
responsible:in charge
bulk:immensity
negotiator:mediator
sedately:coolly
kindly:gentle
expression:pressing out
strictly:rigorously
hold:carry
dispossession:denial
merger:combination
faraway:far
ratification:consent
unquestioningly:obediently
score:etch
cantankerous:unreasonable
spirit:specter
outrun:overrun
romp:caper
power:nation
supercomputer:notebook
blue:down
town:city
weed:prepare
area:theme
genuflect:bow
corner:turn
flunky:patsy
affecting:heartwarming
mope:hang around
symbolism:representation
perch:branch
explicable:understandable
debase:shame
execute:accomplish
labyrinthine:involved
daunting:off-putting
instant:the twinkling of an eye
Buffalo:bewilder
dandy:cool
summarily:suddenly
substantial:ample
signpost:sign
project:envisage
inconsiderately:selfishly
crummy:tacky
telltale:gossip
localize:limit
appall:outrage
nap:pile
massage:manipulate
calcify:turn into stone
indignant:in a huff
extinguish:smother
demonstration:display
protectiveness:distrust
civilly:amicably
device:emblem
underfed:thin
snooping:nosy
hatch:come up with
merit:worth
safe:reliable
yellow:blond
heed:observe
spouse:next of kin
stick:spike
shindig:party
transfixing:mesmerizing
unrestrained:uninhibited
love:go for
staple:pin
amenable:agreeable
poignant:tender
prerequisites:fundamentals
hammering:beating
whole:entirety
class:classify
leisurely:laid-back
deference:respect
slacks:denims
despotism:absolutism
astutely:perspicaciously
discourage:dampen
foresee:predict
colossal:huge
coals:embers
ashy:gray
correct:mark
gratify:satisfy
upstanding:straight
majority:adult years
scrap:fight
electrify:excite
contaminated:dirty
wrangle:quarrel
demand:claim
dissemble:hedge
sever:cut off
frenzy:emotion
inquisitive:nosy
Branch:field
alley:pathway
profiteer:take advantage of
sanitized:disinfected
graciously:amiably
salsa:tango
Patsy:instrument
restlessly:agitatedly
multinational:transnational
reorder:restructure
function:task
skewed:tilted
sidekick:assistant
reroute:redirect
mortifying:crushing
shatter:demolish
messy:cluttered
indication:clue
focused:alert
licentiousness:extravagance
meander:wind
routine:regular
ringleader:instigator
motorcycle:motorbike
institution:foundation
trickle:filter
enthuse:fire
flier:try
sarcoma:disease
dejection:depression
assiduously:never-endingly
achievable:attainable
strapped:short of money
penitent:repentant
undignified:shameful
bound:be next to
moot:introduce
ride:be carried
undefended:unprotected
indulgence:pardon
abrasively:scratchily
remiss:careless
lucid:compos mentis
spiky:spiny
catching:transmittable
profoundly:intensely
introspective:reflective
splinter:sliver
mitigating:extenuating
surrender:submit
doorway:door
breathlessly:in breathless anticipation
clever:adept
grueling:hard
inexcusably:intolerably
posh:high-born
cock:incline
lead:hint
seeking:in search of
conformity:traditionalism
delude:mislead
wavering:dithering
make:sort
inexpensively:at a bargain price
ethically:justly
Dot:blotch
sling:lob
rule:statute
naysayer:gloomy Gus
intrepid:fearless
NOW:immediately
abject:horrible
expertness:skill
feel:be aware of
idea:intent
neurosis:psychosis
persnickety:finicky
baton:rod
foiling:hindrance
signal:hint at
heat:temperature
weaken:destabilize
misdemeanor's:transgression
squat:short
concoct:dream up
welt:mark
terminal:workstation
suitably:correctly
gauche:vulgar
immediately:instantly
ostentatiously:flagrantly
decipherable:comprehensible
in:hip
pickup:remember
grieve:mourn
discipline:subject
uneconomical:untaught
profitably:gainfully
anonymous:unidentified
fitting:right
burnished:shimmering
passionately:keenly
exertion:action
impoverishment:insolvency
vague:distant
Key:pitch
knickknack's:curios
insipid:trite
fruitful:profitable
temperate:mild
detachment:lack of involvement
menace:pest
register:enter
imitative:commonplace
add:augment
prime:key
richness:power
kaput:ended
group:troop
novel:original
inhuman:cruel
expend:disburse
dying:ending
enthusiastically:ardently
insincerely:hypocritically
Man:operate
tremble:quake
indiscernible:unclear
loathing:hatred
conquering:celebratory
appropriate:fitting
throb:vibrate
useful:worthwhile
retaliate:hit back
expense:rate
madden:wind up
durable:tough
poisonous:lethal
inner:secret
boorish:ill-mannered
undivided:exclusive
delay:holdup
raw:cold and damp
hideout:fort
arise:occur
impression:sway
fugitive:renegade
issue:circulation
great:profound
spec's:eyeglasses
religious:spiritual
outlet:exit
Frank:truthful
arbiter:intermediary
senior:elder
drop:deterioration
way's:behavior
stand:exist
position:attitude
penetration:understanding
commiserations:never mind
conference:league
bane:annoyance
uncivil:insulting
coloring:complexion
dissent:dissension
wrong:wide of the mark
dogmatism:intransigence
squint:strain to see
magnanimous:upright
agog:avid
clerical:accounting
frenzied:possessed
overachiever:successful person
redundant:unneeded
mushy:maudlin
voice:ability to speak
abode:dwelling
register:chronicle
relinquish:let go by
stupid:unwise
ability:knack
regulate:control
flat:downright
tacit:understood
alive:full of beans
swarming:brimful
split:rip
gallant:chivalrous
ultimately:in due course
Dare:urge
wooden:stilted
irretrievable:permanent
shrivel:wither
thresher:reaper
tautly:stiffly
patrons:clients
readiness:alacrity
suitcase:luggage
chattels:wealth
nationality:ethnic group
tenuously:slightly
domesticate:control
uneconomic:running at a loss
regulation:parameter
misrepresentation:perversion
polarity:polarization
inn:hotel
animation:dynamism
standby:replacement
conundrum:puzzle
broth:gumbo
maintain:continue
stairway:stair
condescension:superciliousness
edge:edge your way
tired:hackneyed
vexing:troublesome
specify:enumerate
willing:keen
split:divorce
squawk:call
haunting:poignant
uncivilized:crude
unknowable:enigmatic
world:humankind
tempest:thunderstorm
baldly:simply
aggrandize:increase
libertarian:broadminded
marshy:soggy
handcuff:manacle
volatility:explosive nature
stellar:planetary
masquerading:masked
descendant:child
vitriolic:hurtful
forgettable:unmemorable
dishonesty:untruthfulness
anachronistic:archaic
poised:in position
comprehensiveness:width
connecting:concerning
supremacy:dominance
backslide:regress
chore's:household tasks
fate:doom
estimate:price
figures:statistics
exclaim:yell
elevator:winch
emulsion:mixture
annotation:gloss
mysterious:inexplicable
loll:slump
leaden:dark
expedient:suitable
tussle:clash
catch:go down with
deception:pretext
inadvertent:accidental
otherworldly:wraithlike
scrapbook:book
disintegrate:crumble
rule:regulation
unrelieved:unrelenting
mysterious:enigmatic
jewel:rock
beastly:rotten
overtake:go beyond
aggravated:annoyed
thieving:dishonest
temporal:mortal
affix:attach
approval:support
squirrel:collector
incident:happening
delectable:adorable
lament:dirge
discern:spot
acquiescent:yielding
factor:reason
raffle:lottery
fusty:decaying
detail's:fine points
load:slot in
abject:dismal
underworld:gangland
warfare:rivalry
gainfully:lucratively
experienced:practiced
augury:warning
snifter:tipple
sadness:woe
smear:discredit
piddling:trivial
tingle:shiver
scratch:nick
fun:pleasurable
blow:whack
present:give
stand:be on your feet
hallucination:mirage
possibility:opportunity
battalion:troop
voyage:cross
update:keep informed
charade:imitation
unwell:below par
past:over and done
mindful:heedful
decorate:embellish
judiciary:judges
snippy:grouchy
battlefield:battleground
claim:call for
precinct's:confines
respect:obey
irrevocable:unalterable
taboo:restriction
drizzle:trickle
frill:ruffle
supposed:made-up
nausea:unsettled stomach
concerning:about
wilt:wither
strictness:narrowness
cheeping:chirping
introduce:commence
obediently:submissively
attractively:prettily
offer:proposal
managing:supervision
keep:look after
winch:wind up
educator:lecturer
artifice:cunning
impropriety:blunder
treat:minister to
part:piece
crust:layer
deteriorate:worsen
blitz:bombardment
fox:puzzle
torrent:downpour
turn:excursion
insert:supplement
forfeit:forfeiture
outrun:outdo
carried:conceded
nod:affirmation
manhood:maturity
Handy:close
invitation:incitement
superior:stuck-up
closefisted:tight
dear:sweetheart
workplace:administrative center
honor:reverence
disadvantageous:damaging
elitism:exclusivity
outskirts:fringes
complete:thorough
engagement's:appointments
line:border
adorable:endearing
passionately:ardently
believed:said
play:amusement
rinse:bleach
burr:tone of voice
lecture:tell off
march:protest march
cheeriness:jollity
unfavorable:bad
terms:requisites
machine:mechanism
rest:have a break
laborious:arduous
rumored:thought
gob:pile
enmeshed:entangled
aggrieved:wronged
hesitancy:uncertainty
gratification:enjoyment
thirsting:dry
expert:professional
cynicism:scorn
moral:just
shores:shore
tress:plait
cold:aloof
zestful:keen
fatherhood:motherliness
burlesque:travesty
swagger:showing off
hauntingly:compellingly
modishly:? la mode
eerily:jarringly
preserve:sanctuary
transcription:dictation
agreeing:in favor
promise:undertake
animate:bring to life
anachronistic:antiquated
respite:reprieve
fine:adequate
delectable:appetizing
despondent:pessimistic
injudicious:imprudent
steeply:sharply
catastrophically:terribly
carryout:achieve
sensor:feeler
bleeding:flow
superseding:supreme
return:give back
neckline:neck
latitude:leeway
entitle:name
parcel:lot
vocation:art
terribly:exceedingly
stencil:cut-out
pillage:booty
receiving:getting
back:reverse
forget:not recall
task:brief
shoplifting:mugging
Rich:moneyed
agreeable:comfortable
snarl:scowl
bungalow:small house
incursion:invasion
spirit:ghost
spread:share out
fine:warm
gross:earn
tenseness:uneasiness
compose:create
coloring:ruddiness
bleep:buzz
deal:treaty
infinite:huge
principle's:main beliefs
posh:upmarket
pixie:fairy
fuddled:stupefied
specious:fallacious
token:symbolic
perched:balanced
Cannon:mortar
deep:low
write:carve
interested:attracted
daintiness:gracefulness
nobly:graciously
crash:wallop
overemphasize:lay it on with a trowel
immobilize:stop
damaging:injurious
hindered:held up
picture's:films
ability:capability
broth:soup
grimace:contortion
spot:site
great:lofty
primitive:archaic
bedrock:basis
fester:irritate
reword:redraft
skyrocket:missile
Post:placement
pincers:tongs
hamlet:village
demand:question
nuance:touch
crooked:corrupt
rhizome:bulb
frugal:economical
book:put your name down for
institution:society
packet:small package
mortification:embarrassment
resourcefully:inventively
inviolability:purity
fallow:harrow
top:crest
spread:apply
dingy:worn
nonsensical:illogical
primary:crucial
unimaginative:bland
notionally:theoretically
gatecrasher:trespasser
design:object
subjugated:conquered
disorderly:higgledy-piggledy
dependable:trusty
lance:prick
armature:frame
considered:well thought-out
visit:trip
billows:vapors
join:link
optional:not obligatory
ordeal:torment
morale:self-confidence
physiotherapy:psychotherapy
impoverish:bankrupt
sluggishness:sloth
commencing:origination
breakers:top
claim:assertion
distant:secluded
abduct:make off with
enrage:infuriate
determining:shaping
fanciful:curious
briskly:hurriedly
starkly:ascetically
namely:explicitly
landholder:owner
horrible:ghastly
discipline:correct
spar:argue
shamefully:shockingly
action:accomplishment
cease:conclude
observable:noticeable
crystallize:shape up
produce:products
dam:hold back
sow:propagate
shell:bombard
slapdash:messy
aching:pain
sullenness:grumpiness
quixotic:dreamy
carton:container
vocation:trade
dividend:share
gawk:gape
social:communal
qualm:apprehension
coagulated:gooey
blazing:radiating
misuse:mistreatment
soggy:squelchy
Rocky:trying
highly:very much
gesticulation:wave
rivulet:brook
inexpressible:indescribable
usurp:take
compute:process
unashamed:immodest
incident:episode
amuse:make smile
continuing:ongoing
commendation:prize
turgid:hard going
bad:substandard
consistent:even
unfashionable:out-of-date
insurrectionist:rebel
flabby:loose
industrious:hard-working
busy:occupied
worthiness:praiseworthiness
whatever:no matter what
molder:rot away
bookshelf:sill
strenuous:tireless
negligent:informal
deportation:expulsion
slipperiness:caginess
Communism:communalism
influentially:significantly
complicated:difficult
agreement:settlement
languish:suffer
foreclose:close out
inconsiderateness:thoughtlessness
hostage:prisoner
bamboo:rattan
unloading:receiving
reverent:reverential
previously:beforehand
understate:make little of
suavely:courteously
China:best china
angry:fuming
loftily:arrogantly
grouchy:complaining
choke:dam
louse:good-for-nothing
mistaken:faulty
biting:mocking
establish:verify
authorized:authoritative
relation's:associations
enter:type in
innards:entrails
become:turn out to be
overcrowding:excess numbers
bedspread:coverlet
apocryphal:invented
nonchalant:unconcerned
experience:feel
feeling:sentiment
appeal:influence
resentfully:grudgingly
vermin:mice
pulsating:alive
infrequently:once in a blue moon
tantalizing:provoking
fort:stronghold
breakable:delicate
touch:stroke
apologetically:repentantly
faze:upset
approve:support
indecisive:wavering
deride:put down
validity:authority
zing:energy
pile:soft surface
meeting:engagement
second:go along with
drastic:far-reaching
delegation:handing over
giddy:excited
tonic:stimulant
quick:sudden
stripe:bar
innocuous:bland
maturity:ripeness
painstaking:careful
glisten:gleam
profanity:blasphemy
misrepresentation:slanting
debase:demean
underneath:under
formidably:soundly
ledge:ridge
epicure:gourmet
intelligently:wittily
artifice:artfulness
imp:mischievous child
carp:find fault
intrusive:interfering
Chance:gamble
taper:point
decent:honorable
unremarkable:ordinary
movements:activities
bamboozle:perplex
snapshot:shot
proscription:prohibition
pepper:interleave
lineup:organize
resilient:supple
falsely:misleadingly
confidentially:behind closed doors
plunder:ransack
Cancer:bane
rebate:refund
accident:calamity
sled:luge
noisily:loudly
ready:complete
Catholic:wide-reaching
pier:wharf
accessory:fashion accessory
professed:superficial
doubt:skepticism
inoculate:immunize
performance:running
oilcloth:tarp
primer:briefing
loosen:untie
stay:holiday
wringing:like a drowned rat
civilly:warmly
orator:narrator
bank:verge
sheathing:casing
raw:basic
secluded:quiet
net:obtain
Ingres's:access
formulate:plan
bemoan:grumble about
grandstand:attract attention
clutch:seize
penchant:desire
witless:unintelligent
chagrin:sorrow
Sharp:precisely
any:one
technique:system
carping:critical
exterminate:take out
pied:mottled
transmute:metamorphose
uninterested:remote
manic:hyper
gaze:watch
elect:select
twig:branch
stuff:pack
amusing:entertaining
pepper:scatter
neatness:carefulness
appellation:term
package's:parcels
educator:teacher
vaudeville:variety show
facility:ability
slaughter:crush
attractively:smartly
voyage:trip
extravagantly:excessively
daydream:fantasize
discipline:authority
arousal:stimulation
some:a quantity of
guardrail:rail
people's:popular
commandant:chief
agree:see eye to eye
gob:sheaf
final:irrevocable
fuzzily:mistily
immaterial:unimportant
repulsively:revoltingly
vileness:loathsomeness
certain:sure
store's:food
swipe:thump
shrink:grovel
calligraphy:lettering
inundated:busy
strapping:robust
athlete:participant
blankness:emptiness
